So glad im early
Yooooo thats dope wth Star Wars???? We got Star Wars on this project?????
Lets show some EY3K0N support and R41D this tweet f4m!
For anyone who hasn't seen!
Love the "brembo" detail on the bike also!
Like I always say, we’re just getting started F4M
The t34s3!
We’ll just have to wait and see now won’t we!!!
What in the fuck are the vehicles going to be used for!
Anyone need a ride
Saw the tweet - looks sick!!!!!
What is it going to be? O.O
Tick tock
So close to drop!!
14 mins remaining
I would say another EY3K0N but the messaging today leads me to believe it is something else. Maybe something to do with the g4m3?
Who's got any guesses what we're dropping in 45 mins?
Can't wait to see the new
Thanks p4l! There are already so many to choose from!
GM Fam
Am great
doing good. how bout you?
How are you doing doing
Good afternoon guys
Definitely will
good morning. stay tune for the mega sneak peak later 
good morning. stay tune for the mega sneak peak later
Looking forward to to latest updates 
Looking forward to to latest updates
dope pfp!
Okay am waiting
Ooooooooooof nice! Okay, hold on to your horses, there is some stuff planned later in the #deleted-channel channel and also some awesome stuff ready to drop later
oh yes of course, it shouldn't be miss!
GMT+1
nothing much for this morning but one thing is for sure, huge things are coming so make sure to stay tuned and don't miss out.  
So far we've shown you our EY3K0N's, but what else is cooking in the world?
nothing much for this morning but one thing is for sure, huge things are coming so make sure to stay tuned and don't miss out. (已编辑)
That's awesome, so what do you have for us this morning
so am I, been so productive lat3ly 
so am I, been so productive lat3ly
Great and yours
Good good fam!! Up late trying to catch up on discord
Thanks!!
P4ls and g4ls!
Hey hey! Welcome back!
Not too shabby! How about yourself?
How’s my ey3kon fam
Awesome new character s1m14n
Got caught up with work and studies
Heyy guys been long
C0NGR4TUL4T10NS
That's good man. Hope you on the up and up. Last time I ate Subway's chicken teriyaki I gave up subs for 2-3 years. I couldn't even look at Subway or I would get nauseous.
Good evening
Its better for sure but not 100%. Its been rough, thanks for asking!
Stomach holding up better?
I see you rocking the new pfp. Love it.
N1c3 purple/green contrast 
N1c3 purple/green contrast
Purple colors too. looking fly!
Oh snap, new channel who dis?
We don't have one
Where’s shill channel
Sure thanks brother for your interest
You can also check the latest announcement on #deleted-channel to see the current game to earn a spot.
They have been having a lot of puzzles to earn a spot on th3-l1st.
Aww I see. I am sorry to hear that. Maybe it will come back soon
No bro lost my passion lazy mood
Very curious how I can start puzzling around to become able to mint sum awesome art.
Right?!
Welcome. I agree about the artwork. Very cool
Purple is the colour royalty
We are happy to have you and certainly share in the 3xc1t3m3nt!
Hello people. I met the amazing Adam and Kevin last Monday on NFC Lisbon, glad to meet them. We vibed 
Happy to be a part of this community. Can not wait to mint this crazy cool art
Hello people. I met the amazing Adam and Kevin last Monday on NFC Lisbon, glad to meet them. We vibed
Any news on the business front?
Fine thank god 
Fine thank god
Hey BECO! Yeah doing better! How about yourself?
Thanks p4l!
Hay wsup bro hope u R doing well!
Not too bad. Recovering from food poisoning, still not 100% but feeling well enough to work today.
And you?
K1ng Chr0m3
Whats up fellow 3NL1ST3D!
Fits right into the new badge
Clean-up crew 
Clean-up crew
Do you get some cheap labor from your kiddos? haha
I like it, frustrating at times but mostly rewarding
That sounds like a fun project. The GF and I want to buy a fixer upper type of property and do some of that.
I have projects at home for that  currently finishing my basement
I have projects at home for that currently finishing my basement
Aww I see. Construction sounds like an interesting area to work in. Some days I wish I didnt have an office job and had a manual labor job.
Mountains - from the office, too much collaboration to work from home
Aww very cool. Sounds like lots of paper work. You work from home I take it?
I work for a general contractor in their preconstruction department. Budgets, estimating, contracts, etc.
I hear you there! What do you do for work?
Just slaving away at work
Whats up 8uddy!
Hi Wind!
Hello and g00d d4y!
Liking the new color! Even better
I did, thank you!
Sweeeeeet. Thanks!
Done 
Any way we can get the verified role set at a lower priority than the 3NL1ST3D role so the purple shows? 
Any way we can get the verified role set at a lower priority than the 3NL1ST3D role so the purple shows?
Yoo, congrats to the early recruits! So stoked.
You too!
Morning  Have a great day ahead 
Morning Have a great day ahead
We don't mess about
Like we are in the military or something
Stay tuned for more games tba
me as well
Thank you guys for participating, had so much fun
thanks for the games
Yoooo! So good right. 3NL1ST3D! So much better than "WL"
every spelling matters p4L
seems people might have gone afk
had a spelling challenge there
is everyone asleep
lol ok dont see many other answering
Yes, y’all guess the gibberish words p4L
guess the word?
i have no diea wat were doing
Great just celebrate by new
Badges!!!
Woo hoo
It’s one of the EYEK0N lingos we use here (已编辑)
What's P4L
It’s for the roles p4L (已编辑)
What's the badges for?
morning bro
test badges !!
love the badges
very nice indeed
GM TE4M!
GM !
Nice badges guys
Peep the badge at the end of your sn - but I do agree, the purple color would be pretty sweet
In ur profile bro
It's available on profile not in coulr user!
3NL1ST3D (已编辑)
Really like it
The role is DOPE
T
Congrats to you for making it to TH3 L1ST (已编辑)
The roles are in our profile but looks like the color isn't associated
We are all green
New roles!
y4y! Go for that list
Doing well just reading up on the WL
h3y  How you doin?
h3y How you doin?
Sweeeet
Sorted. Was taking a while to upload the badge to everyone
oh, I don't have it 
oh, I don't have it
hey ! great news !
Yea, still at work. But this was a nice surprise to see during my break
Yeah you do! Couldn't see you online to tag 
Yeah you do! Couldn't see you online to tag
Do I got it? 
TRT is taking over
Uuu yes I doo
Do I got it?
Pay attention to the name. I wonder what it could mean?
Anyone who has made it to TH3-L1ST will not earn a new role/badge '3NL1ST3D'

As I can see you guys are online - I want you to see your new roles
I agree. Looks awesome.
Maybe next month we’ll definitely notify you all once we make the final announcement for it
Any rough date when mint will be? This month or next?
The website looks really cool
R0l3 c4ll
This is my favorite community
There is a strong change we have n3w r0l3s today...

Note I said r0l3s.... not r0l3
EY3K0NS!
Morning peeps
Without a doubt!
Here is thinking you were German
Shout out to the winners on th3 l1st !!
Make sure to keep yourself updated for you not to miss the upcoming activities.
Thankyou ser! I really appreciate it! This is my second project, looking forward to the future of this one
you are very much welcome in here!
Wanna join in! Let's gooo
Gn
h3y there! Yes, I couldn't agree more!
Hi ... this project has the coolest website ... ever 
Hi ... this project has the coolest website ... ever
Great. Enjoy your time!
wife works late so i haev me time till then
im good about to log off
Okay so how are you p4L?
Alberta Canada
Oh, where are you from? (已编辑)
you +5 UTC?
GM seems we are about 12 hours apart
Make me proud
Sorry I was wan Shere screen from #announcements
Congratulations to all W4GM1! (已编辑)
yeah!
sweet made the list
Congrats
Congratulations to all th3 list people
Ouch, at least you are positive about it. I am working through some food poisoning myself. Wont be eating teriyaki anytime soon haha
not bad for a monday, kids are sick, but other than that, pretty good
Its going. How about for you?
how it going?
Halu
Sure am
That's dope! I can get a friend on th3 l1st! (已编辑)
I want to remodel one of my bathrooms, need new windows, fence the back yard, so much
Haha so much to do with the house.
Wow, sounds like you'll be busy!
Not this week unfortunately. I have to get the yard ready. I got two peach trees I need to prune, cut grass, plant some veggies and herbs.
Did you get the barbecue going as well?
hn
I'm doing well. How are you?
gotchu M4T3
hey, can someone help me with ticket 0126 please   Excited to be on th3 l1st
hey, can someone help me with ticket 0126 please Excited to be on th3 l1st
you do look beefcake im sure after splitting like 4 cords of wood manually
yeah for sure
And a couple years on my back
like $100 rental for a day to save you 2 weeks of by hand
Plus who likes to be sore and aching all day
yeah no kidding you do all in like 1 day and the rental fee isnt even that bad
Yeah - we have great technology to make our lives easier. I'll take the power splitter everyday.
i grew up with only wood heat in my house and back up some electric baseboards so im too familiar with working the wood and saving eneergy and time is always the best route
had some frineds that would only hand split so painful im done after like 5mintues
One of those huge sections was probably 400-500 lbs (181 -226 kg)
I don't know how those beast of humans do that with an axe. I ached with the power splitter, I can't image doing it manually with an axe
Ohh definitely had a power splitter.
I love it. I'll get a photo of it after some of my meetings
when I have large amount I awalys rent can do 3-8 cords in a day or two
nice - how'd it turn out?
you axe it or use a pwoer splitter
GM and congratulation to the winners of the art competition
Last year I did my patio 15x20
Was it you that was undertaking a back patio project of sorts?
100%!
The answer to that question will always be yes 
The answer to that question will always be yes
GM family
Just one of the many piles
Productive weekend. A friend of mines ask me if I needed wood for my fire pit and I was like 100%. So helped him split a lot of the wood on Saturday. Spend some quality time with the family after.
How was your weekend?
A goose ninja! 
A goose ninja!
I spy a new pfp!
GM EY3KON F4M!
Good morning frens! Hope everyone has a great week!
Oh I see. Well yes, SIM1AN is really extraordinary
Good..simien is
Hello there, what's up ? (已编辑)
Who's ready for another M3G4 W33K ????
GM F4M!!!!!
These AP3 are DØP3
GM EY3KØNs
2185 members! wild!
Oh maaaaannnnn i go to derug a project and yall left me in the dust
Bout to hit the hay
whats up guys
What’s up, Moon?
Hi, 
Hi,
i think i just had checked in twitter with someone
Check our
🐦︱tweets channel for some interesting stuffs p4L
whts going on guys
Hiiiii
Hi people
that was fun
It's over now - winners being rounded up 
Ahh these contests are so fun
Sup3r Simian - my boy!!
I think Simian is my favorite so far. Can’t wait for more reveals.
When will we get roles?
It's over now - winners being rounded up
well must be der
Fuccing amazing
that means the last contest is over
Exactly! We have really only s33n some art but with everything else still in the works, the 3xc1t3m3nt is hard to contain
Me too! And we’re only 4 characters in! Still sooooooo much more
W4RR10R
Hahaha definitely feel a High Priest vibe here
Totally!!
W04h! That dude is in charge h4h4
This one is great with the baby!
theres the baby monkey its not a nose
Got to have a Cuban
The cigar is a nice tough
The have mecha/cyber is awesome!
that is fantastic
one
SUP3R S1MI4N
ne of my faves so far
Sup3r S1mi4n
What's his name?
Fire!
The music vibes got me even more excited now!
Maybe like this
5H!7!
This is dooope
Loving the mask!
Twitter
insta?
wgere is that?
He's missing a !!!
Did I see a variation of a monkey w/o a brain???
eyes pealed
T-minus 11 mins...
I got this...
All in time my friend!!
When do we get to start finding out about Ey3kon's lore???   I want to get immersed in the story/world.
Just 25min!
Hell9 peeps
Hello Monsieur/ poussky
Hi Beco !
Hello folks
will we get roles at some point? (已编辑)
hey folks, been busy with work. how are things?
Ooo what’s your cereal of choice?
Start with converting the Roman numerals to the actual numbers
mmmk
to be announced M4T3, Stay tuned
just woke up slept in
what time is character
I still have no clue what that puzzle meant and even how it could be solved
Who’s still trying to solve the puzzle?
Seriously cannot wait
Countdown to character 4 officially on
I’ve got a gas stub on my deck - looking to see if there’s any good dual bbq/smoker combos
Mmm I need to get one myself as well
I have aspirations for that! I'm a fan and have prepared the meat but I don't own a smoker....yet! 
I have aspirations for that! I'm a fan and have prepared the meat but I don't own a smoker....yet! (已编辑)
Hey Goose! If I had to guess, you're probably a real traditional BBQer. Well prepared meats, maybe a smoker. Am I right?
Yup that's the way to do it!
Can't wait to start bbq and enjoying the outdoors
Not bad at all. I was splitting wood for several hours yesterday morning and I'm a bit sore but that's it. Got enough for the rest of the year and the fire pit is going to in good use.
I'm great, thank you ! what about you ?
Hey Poussky! Hope you are well!
Hi Goose !
Good morning f4m!
Hello there !
hi guys !
GM F4M!
You can check #deleted-channel for more info.
Well, that's a minimum requirement for you to be considered for the list.
Or win one of the puzzles or challenges
I need to be level 15 and invite 10 more friends to be on the list?
This a a fun one!
S0 G D
Who's pumped to see the next EY3K0N later?
Waxzahhhh
Yes. Done
GM and happy Sund4y!
It does make it challenging. But which one is your favorite? Vote for that one :-)
Haha yes! Not even midnight yet on the w33kend!
GM Sund4y F4M
This is so difficult. I know 5 of the 6 on the leaderboard.
so not late
earlier and its saturady
no wait hour ealsier
your up late
I think the voting ends in a few hours
so freakin cute
i shoudl have gotten my grand daughter to colour one with me when she was just visiting
al you are champs
is it done
who won the art contest
You know it 83C0!
Keep going bro
No need to apologize at all!
so dont judge me!
im sorry but i changed my vote as i had picked wrong one got symbols wrong
I saw the 4rt and my first thought was fart because of the 4. Fart competition.
Be sure to get your votes in on the 4rt comp3tition in #deleted-channel! Its currently a 3 way t1e for s3c0nd place!
don't speak about puzzle, I feel a lot of pain in my heart
Was I suppose to bring something to the cookout?
What you got for us goose?
Did any one got the last puzzle so far?
Its cool for sure. Havent gotten too far in to it
I may have to give it a red.
Oh no I missed the art contest:((
Sooooooo much fun hanging and geeking out with this F4M!
wow, mecha ape!
You are having too much fun teething us right now.
Did you submit?
Kinda like the creature on King Chrome’s neck…or it’s just a tattoo…
a monkey nose on a lrger ape
Maybe a nose….maybe a baby monkey
OMG, you guys don’t even know the number of variants is so crazy…..I’m dying
Idk if this teaser was good for my health
Oh snap come on folks!!! Let's solve this puzzle
monkey in monkey cyborg hybrid
is that a monkey nose for a bigger monkey
The 734535! (已编辑)
Or maybe a little baby candy bar like you get on Halloween!!
Hmmm, I guess this looks kinda like a candy bar
You know like a snack size candy bar
Or maybe a little piece of it
Do it!!
Man, you know I’m just itching to drop the next character!! Don’t tempt me!!
really curious to see if i got it
Can I DM you??
The clue Rome, England and Zoo are to help unscramble the words, so the 3 unscrambled words should relate to those three clues.
I think I have it but idk
Do the 3 have to relate to each other or is it how the words relate to Rome England and zoo ?
How do those words relate?
I don’t understand
Sorry I’m a fan girl lmao
Maybe if you talk it here you may get some inspiration
I have the it figured out now stuck on last line
Speak peek channel is cool to check out!
Yeah, and growing steady
Also, check the latest post, the new image might help as well
Thanks. Seems like early days here which is great
Yep, the one and only
New clue fam!
I love a Discord that does riddles. New to the project but this looks like it will be fun
NP. Give that shot and think about what we did with the previous puzzle.
Thank you so much
I need 3 more votes to be in top 3. H3lp m3 out h3r3
I would start by converting the roman numerals to numbers
Who wants to help me with the puzzle
Holy shit
None lol
You put them in an online word descrambler?
The first one is good but the other two i don't think so
Yes and then i converted it to letters
Did you convert the roman numeral to basic numbers? 
Did you convert the roman numeral to basic numbers? (已编辑)
I don't know whether I'm going in the right way or not
I'm new to this
Give me another clue guys
There is a pattern haha
I've heard about 4 good answer, you and me included
Good day! Just waking up and need to find some coffee
How are we doing with the puzzle?
Hope everyone is doing well!
Good morning/afternoon/evening folks!
Yoo what’s up fr3ns
ok, you got me, I have only a title and a personn, miss the 2 others
There are 4 easter eggs 
There are 4 easter eggs
I found her(him ?) yesterday 
I found her(him ?) yesterday
Try to see if you all can find the easter eggs in my submission. i bet you can’t 
Try to see if you all can find the easter eggs in my submission. i bet you can’t
Nice week all
Welcome all newcomers! Let's give you a tour.

First up - ey3k0n.io (see
🖇│official-links) - overview of the project can be found there.
 Next - current ch4ll3nges and activities are found in #deleted-channel or on
🐦︱tweets 
 W3 l0v3 0ur l4ngu4g3 (已编辑)
Yeah guys don't miss out
Hello, welcome p4L! Feel free to explore in our
🖇│official-links channel (已编辑)
have a good one too !
Hey, just got here. Hope everyone is having a good weekend!
The community is getting great and bigger Theres a lot to look forward
yo boys
How far have you gotten on it?
And there are a lot of L1ST spots up for grabs in the latest puzzle challenge
Goodluck everyone that participated in the coloring challenge!
Yeah bro no one must miss this amazing project
Cool  w3lc0me. Positive to see people chatting about us 
Cool w3lc0me. Positive to see people chatting about us
I found this amazing project in a shillings channel but don't know the one
Good! How you doing? How'd you find the project?.
Thank you, very appreciated
Stay tuned and keep supporting
Don't miss out guys huge things are coming
Good job bro
Pousky killed it
GM how are you doing
So far 4 have got it!
After the long trek, there is unfortunately no rest 

Well, so excited you’re here! Mandalore armor and all
it was a bit of a trek 
it was a bit of a trek
Baby Yoda, who would have thought you would come from so far, far away
Welcome here !
Welcome!!
Do roman numerals contain a "0"?
That makes 4 people who have cracked the code. 

Take note.. I wonder why we stopped replacing letters with numbers for this riddle?
Ticket is good!
GM!!!
where can I submit my try ?
I wish I was good at riddles and codes. Not my forte
It's easy when you know how
Who else is gunna crack the code?
That makes 3
Keep supporting huge things are coming you don't want to miss out
Yeah guys
That's a step forward, m4t3! I'm pretty sure you'll figure it out soon
Feel free to ask any questions
m4t3! Will check it!
Now I'm working on finding what are the 3 words about
Actually I did it again and got 3 words
Is there anything you want to tell others
Although I suspect DrumDoctor to be getting on soon!
I think I have it solved. Can you check ticket #0093? :-)
Good luck on that, m4t3! 
Huge things are coming stay tuned don't miss out and keep supporting
Yeah sir really
I totally agree! There's so much to look forward 
I totally agree! There's so much to look forward
Hello, M4t3! How's it going?
Great project here don't miss out
Good luck on that, m4t3!
 okay
Well you can try both m4t3 Perhaps you'll find it in one of these two letters.! W4GM1! (已编辑)
Or p
9 means g
Think it needs to be 6 characters
The 3 words you unscramble are the inspiration, the answer is your own
Now I am not sure haha
Me too! I think its a little bit of a stretch but it fits all the requirements I think
Ooohhh! Can’t wait too see if you got it
Have a possible answer that I submitted in the ticket, so will wait and see if its correct haha
Okay, will do that
Go deeper on each word, they have more than one refrerence
Hmmm, I’m glad we made this one a little tough because you solve everything too fast!
I have the words that relate to these three but my research has yet to yield a correlation.
I dont know what to make of the vowels.
Any help? 
Our forefathers
Rome. England. Zoo
Any help?
I think a clue wouldnt be the worst idea. 
I got something like this
samesies
Again the rhyme, hmm! O.O
Unlock the words, what do they share. Another six letter word should come from there
Nice rhyme I get those clues for sure and we have all three of those words.
What do these mean to you?!
Rome, England, Zoo
Try it again, because we certainly got words that make sense
After converting the roman numerals to letters, you didnt get any kind of understandable words?
And doesn't seem to have any kind of pattern
I tried these but the words doesn't have any meaning
Yeah they have togive a clue
I think a clue wouldnt be the worst idea.
I had the thought of applying the same method from the previous puzzle. In the previous puzzle you turn 8 characters in to 6 so I tried breaking apart the double digit numbers and moving them around but couldnt find any pattern there either or rules that would apply/make sense.
Unfortunately not. I got 3 words but the pattern for the last row escapes me.
Has anyone figured it out yet ? 
Has anyone figured it out yet ?
H3y there! How are you?
Hello.
Heard 3 Mayc lost in this hack and possibly also one BaYc
This is cr4zy guys. Scary as shit.
I think our channel's still open
Sounds great Riku, when we get the tickets up again, do you want to share that? Would be great to see!
It would definitely help the newbies to nfts
I run the eth guide on a big VC solana project. I have an entire chapter for common scams and a few tips and tricks for OS security
Crazy. We're thinking about create an education channel for security, managing NFT's, how to spot scams/spam etc. Would that be useful guys? Vote or
Crazy, right!
I
I think kaijukings too
Dear god karafuru got hacked
PAY ATTENTION

 In the meantime please DO NOT accept any DM's from anyone claiming to be from the EY3K0N team
 Do not accept any messages from 'ticket XXXX' - people have been making fake accounts posing as a ticket!
 DO NOT click any suspicious links. (已编辑)
BAYC, Doodles, Nyoki, Shamanz all compromised
It is an account but bots have a bot token
This isn't the real Ticket Tool. You can see in the image it's an account name Ticket Tool.
Ticket bot
CAPTCHA bot hacked revoke authorization right now
that's terrible. thanks for the heads up mate!
Lots of discord server have been getting hacked today. Even some blue chip projects like BAYC and Doodles. Keep any eye on your DMs. I would suggest closing DMs in general to be on the safe side and do not click any links from people you do not know and never enter your seed phrase. I keep it low tech with seed phrases and keep a paper/analog backup for safe keeping.
6 letters
Was 100% just kidding (已编辑)
I got it! It has to be "I[SIBMR.AIA9RIKSIER7IA"
Hey p4L!
im a hero
Oh that’s great, LFG (已编辑)
Trying to illicit a clue 
Trying to illicit a clue
Yeah I think you did. 6 can be G.
Took me time to think, in cipher 9 = I but when we base on how we communicate here I think 6 = G haha! did I even get your point? 
Took me time to think, in cipher 9 = I but when we base on how we communicate here I think 6 = G haha! did I even get your point? (已编辑)
New posts alert Check it out in our
🐦︱tweets channel! (已编辑)
Deleted User
在此频道标注了
一条消息
。查看所有
已标注消息
。
2022/04/01
Quick question, does 9 = G?
sup
Yuh
Names
EVENING FAM
evening folks
Hey mate
Yes! Exactly. Working through that
What have you all.learned so far with each puzzle, and cipher?
Step by step, use everything you’ve learned
yaa dude i know just messing with him
Stuck a bit but not given up!
This one is a good one!
His message is the clue
where is the clues???!
Cluesx3, I am picking up what you are putting down but that is where I am stuck
Clues clues clues
Definitely the hardest so far haha
Good! Pump3d to see such a great community we have here. You good?
You guys are just too quick. I think this is the best one yet (personally)
I would try and convert from roman numerals and see if you can do anything with the numbers
How’s everyone today
Excited for announcement
Thank you Beco
Amazing 
Amazing
NEW PUZZLE!
Ready to fire up the grey matter?
T-Minus 30 minutes!
I'm ready!!!!
🐦︱tweets 

2022年4月1日凌晨2点00分 (已编辑)
How is your day going
Hello f4m
!!!!
how are we already at 2k members?
wth
thank you guys
Nice w0rk! Love the 3D aspect!
Hi !
looks pretty cool
don't have the time to make a more accurate artwork, but I'm fine with it considering the time I spend on it
awesome work!  
awesome work!
Hi Goose
Thank you guys
Very cool!
I hope everyone is doing well. (已编辑)
Good morning p4ls!
that's really nice thank you
I’ll tell you, Poussky is the resident art expert inside our gaming syndicate - he’s put out some awesome stuff.
So cool!!!
Finally, I have something to share :   
Finally, I have something to share :

Gm fr3ns
I need them for work
Will have them shipped to me tho
Ty!
woah, you really don't have time to get it back.
well, safe skies with you
Cali in 5 hrs ayo
I can't grab them bc it's late and I'm flying out
I left them at my cabin and I'm at my parents home
Yeah lmaoooo
snap haha, I am very forgetful too, not just in travelling (已编辑)
it will be very challenging using phone but yes, try it (已编辑)
Like 2 laptops LOL
I hate forgetting stuff when I travel
I only have phone but i can try and color it on ps
Go0d luck!
I'm not sure, but I'll try
You can make it,  (已编辑)
You can make it, (已编辑)
one day ? rough, but Okay, I'll try something with this
3 L1ST are up for everyone! Check it and show us how CR3At1V3 you are
I really love all kind of l1st, particulary those with number in their name
Sure, it can be a way for you to be considered being on the l1st.
so, what's the plan here, just try to reach level 15 in the most legit way ?
lol well yes, a break from school is sometimes what we really need
I'm not worried at all, he just miss 1 or 2 day of school... I think he is happy by the situation
oh, sorry for that. hoping they'll recover asap 
he had a negative test yesterday, but we probably made it wrong
oh, sorry for that. hoping they'll recover asap
except, my son's friend have covid, and my son have pain in his throat... so I guess the start can be better
trust the process 
trust the process
It just start, hope it will be good
hope you guys will have an extraordinary day ahead   
hope you guys will have an extraordinary day ahead (已编辑)
a hearty breakfast
Sounds like a great way to start the day :-)
I'm all good and I'm cooking pancakes rn
what about you ?
I'm gr3at, th4nk y0u !
h3llo there! how are you doing?
I'm doing g0od, m4t3. How about you?
Morning f4m (已编辑)
awesomeee
15 people already cracked the code, p4l but there are still a lot of chances to get to TH3 L1ST! Check this out!
H3y, f4m!   3 L1ST spots available for everyone! Check this out  and show us your CR34T1V1TY 
Are there still chances to crack the code?
I agree, m4t3! It was
The #deleted-channel 
The #deleted-channel
The more people that get on, the more chances you will have
To get on th3 list
Yeah but I'd be better quick next time
That was quick from any idea to I got it!  GG
That was quick from any idea to I got it! GG
This is awesome..thes puzzles and everything
Nice, I’ve seen your ticket! Good job.
I got it
Any idea
So how the code is decoded
GM fr3n! Yeah the community is getting bigger, there are new members
So the answer is bot-ika
It's amazing
Just now seen the new one
Welcome fren!
Btw, we have an ongoing game p4L it'll grant you some XP check our
🐦︱tweets channel
Am good
Welcome  How are you?
Welcome How are you?
Thanks - happy to be here, mate!
Look at those awesome masterpiece guys at #deleted-channel
A77ention to detail or I spend to much time in here haha
Don’t miss a thing Wind!
You have a sneak-peek of your own 
Welcome django!
Hi - just joined. Read about you in one of the DC servers -   spoke highly of you over there. Look forward to the ride!
And I have changed my DC name as well
You have a sneak-peek of your own
Hello welcome
<------ They look good as a PFP!
Yey we can easily look at the arts, very hassle free.
Nice! Love the new #deleted-channel channel!
Guns and Roses!
Please open a support ticket so we can ask your wallet address
Totally right! She can go from insane robot assassin to sexy fashionista;)
the care bears shirt got  me
the care bears shirt got me
Bot ika is dopeeeeeeeee
NP I g0t y0u f4m!
ooh great thanks bro
Some of the best NFT art I have seen
NP!
Super chunky and cool looking
Awesome, thank you much!
Oh yeah! It’s one of my favorite type foundaries, called Grillitype 
The typeface is called cinetype
come on
look at those
oh snap!
Naw! We both just excited right!
I know I am being greedy, but only two? 
I know I am being greedy, but only two?
I like the humanistic look for this variant.
BOT-IKA look like she got that swag
Oh snap!
B0T-1K4
Happy to have you!
whats good all, recently joined
Hmm. I wonder what you found on them.
yeahhh took me hours looking through the socials 
yeahhh took me hours looking through the socials
Once you get it you know you got it since there is a big clue
maby !! im expected
no probb
Maybe since its not over yet. They are waiting until all the spots have been solved.
np bro didnt get any !!
I will take a look. Thanks!
u should try
theres a code game ongoing to get whitelist
Hey all. Just found this project adn came from your website. The site is  Glad I found this project when I did!
sent my answer in #deleted-channel
Hey all. Just found this project adn came from your website. The site is Glad I found this project when I did!
omg i think i got it
Good day fr3ns
Hey Beco! Did you get a WL spot?
whatsup
Wassuppp
They said i was close but didnt get it is there a recent clue posted?
Has anyone gotten the answer for the code puzzle
but still stay tuned for updates
getting on th3 l1st means you are whitelisted, people who are on th3 l1st will get early and guaranteed access to mint at a specific date and window of time
Is there info about what getting on th3 L1ST grants one?
new meme posted in
🎭│fan-art channel
Ok, thank you
sup P4L  As what our road map says, our big vision is to explore a whole new sub-genre of entertainment, an interactive experience that pours onto the big screen. For you to know more about our project, you can check it in our website, link is attached in this channel 
i will ! thanks mate
sup P4L As what our road map says, our big vision is to explore a whole new sub-genre of entertainment, an interactive experience that pours onto the big screen. For you to know more about our project, you can check it in our website, link is attached in this channel
🖇│official-links
If you have dev mode on you can copy the discord ID and send it as a support ticket. Get that user banned. Plus a good idea to close dm's from the server.
carefull guys
The fam is getting bigger
Lungtfh/assist /#9725
Poussky!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey guys, Just joined today here, seeing the great art around... So, what's the plan ?
I'm great and dont have any plan maby cheked news of market on crypto banter chanel
Good morning Beco! How are you doing today my friend?
Morning Goose
yo guys
Good morning folks!
h3y, welcome! To know about what this project is, feel free to check and explore our website. Link is attached in the
🖇│official-links (已编辑)
for the king chrome puzzle, 3 slots left!
What is the project?
oh yes, for those who wants to answer feel free to send it though #deleted-channel
not yet
Did they release the results of latest puzzle?
hey P4LS
he
LMAO IF IT AINT FACTS THO
The final line 
The final line
Maybe
Are my invite number gonna moon? Idk
check out
🐦︱tweets mate. You can still catch up!
I've seen codes btw what it's all about?
I'm good also
good mate. how about you?
Oh boy.
Looks like you've got it N41L3D
Since I come from an older generation it takes me time to decipher some codes that the Fam Us3s h3r3
Ohh nice hint
you can still catch up mate.
Thankss let me catch up
Hey guys am i late to the game?
Keep your mind on the cake. Don't speed, keep the pace.
Stay solid frens
H3Y, F4M!! Kudos to everyone who has cracked the code so far. 

For those who haven't, check out
🐦︱tweets and you might find some clues in the latest posts Don't forget to open #deleted-channel for your answers! Let's earn more +XP! (已编辑)
We use it to offload compute with KVM
A networking protocol (已编辑)
I think NFTs
What are NFs?
Anyone willing to buy a doodle? Have some nice NFs for sale
Hey check our
🐦︱tweets channel and submit your answers in the #deleted-channel, LFG (已编辑)
Anyone willing to buy a doodle?
Have some nice NFs for sale
H3ll0 and welcome from YGG!
I would think leet speek
I mean you are already on th3-l1st
I already claimed one for the first puzzle
But couldn't figure it out
I dont think all 20 spaces have been claimed yet.
Just submitted my puzzle guess!
I did!
Keep submitting folks. Even if the wl spots are filled the XP is good!
Right sent in my guess in my ticket
Think about the previous TEAM-MARS puzzle. Using leetspeak maybe?
Ohh, man. Numbers are not my strong point.
Some have already solved it.
This has to be deciphered for the next character reveal.
There is a puzzle going on currently.
I see we soared passed 2000 Discord members like it ain't no thing. Great to see!
EY3K0N FR3N5... I've had a hectic few days and haven't been on Discord as much. What have I missed???
Welcome to Ey3kon!
hello  
i see it now
Yep, I've replied to you on your ticket
Yup. Submit your answer via a support ticket.
i opened a ticket, is that how to submit?
EY3K0NS!! Good work to everyone who has figured out the code so far.  Remember, don't spoil it for anyone who hasn't quite cracked it yet.. there are still prizes to be won!!
T4k3 c4r3!
Gona get some food folks. Have a good night
EY3K0NS!! Good work to everyone who has figured out the code so far.

Remember, don't spoil it for anyone who hasn't quite cracked it yet.. there are still prizes to be won!!
Of course! We all need calming techniques!!!
P4t13nc3!
We’re having a ball building new ideas for you all. Whenever we can we’ll be back to you!
Apologise on many tickets
We are thrilled to see what is in the works!
We’re desperate to show what we have and will do as soon as possible.     Thanks for the support so far!
Every morning 5am
We’re desperate to show what we have and will do as soon as possible.
Thanks for the support so far!
little nugget of info
And just so you know, that's an actual picture of him doing Tai Chi in his PFP
Can't wait to see what you unveil!
Evening! Thank you. Cheers for that.  I’ll be popping in a bit more to chat about GD when I can.    We’re all busy cooking up cool stuff and loving how hard you are all grafting.  EY3K0N CR3W
Evening! Thank you. Cheers for that.

I’ll be popping in a bit more to chat about GD when I can. 


We’re all busy cooking up cool stuff and loving how hard you are all grafting.

EY3K0N CR3W
if that title doesn't excite you then I don't know what will
0n3 c4n 0nly h0p3!
He’ll probably melt your frontal cortex
That dude is INSANE
Oh snap, the legendary!! Han
Yeah so far so good
every thinge good with u bro 
every thinge good with u bro
Whats up 83C0!
hay WINd whats going
I’m sure it will be checked asap
Or will the team check on it based on their availability
Should I at you in my ticket?
Go go go!
YeahI bet you do!
Same
Sent the ticket just waiting for a response.
Send in ticket
How do I submit another ticket to submit answer?
Numbers to letters:

0=A: BAECLU
1=A: ADBKT
Robot names can have numbers in them also
The struggle I am having is since its a name, it could literally be anything.
I think this just be a huge hint
ohhhh
Pink numbers
Green are letters
0 can be O? maybe idk hahaha
Right EY3K0N uses numbers as letters maybe thats a thing?
hmmmm
511
New clue just dropped
Still curious FAM
Cool for a name
Nineosix
I think there is something or some way to it
Not literal
Right under your nose?
Read clues again
I suppose it could but 9 and 6 dont have letter counterparts
Yea that could be a word 
Yea that could be a word
I would think it is a word.
906 no?
-906 (已编辑)
Well 15 minutes before another clue
Someone like siri
So the next character is a robot or AI and I am assuming we are finding the name of the chracter.
I bet it’s phone
3 Clues so far:   > “I’ve been helping you the whole time” >  > “Am I HUM4N or M4CH1N3?” >  > “1M R1GHT UND3R Y0UR N0S3”
TAO or DAO
Good luck everyone.
I must step away for an hour or so.
3 Clues so far:
“I’ve been helping you the whole time”

“Am I HUM4N or M4CH1N3?”

“1M R1GHT UND3R Y0UR N0S3”
Etc
Under the nose
But the clues don’t lend to that really
hmmm
The name of the next character to be released?
They all convert to letters
IA0-IIRR0
Got to happy with the 1s
140 - 11220
140 - 11220 (breaking up the numbers by color) mean anything to anyone? 
140 - 11220 (breaking up the numbers by color) mean anything to anyone? (已编辑)
National Pickle Day
Keep going
Some great chat here everyone
20/20 vision
Love the pressure. Do some of my best work that way haha
 in 45 mins
🐦︱tweets in 45 mins
See and be seen hashtag is a clue
I was thinking about this with the Talos Principal and the Turing Test.
Artificial Intelligence?
Right here under your N0S3
God
Soul
“I’ve been helping you the whole time”
Sure!
So hyped!!
Wow we hit 2k! GG T34M
I missed that clue, well done
No more hints yet, I am working a lead
Please also notice that my brain is melting
Cyan mentioned that earlier actually with the 3d effects for each one
I notice also all the pink letters, the drop shadow are facing to the right and the green characters the shadow is facing to the left.
Something to do with EY3s / vision??
Ohh look who joined up now
I need coffee to think about this
I don't know if I want to go deeper into this angel number rabbit hole. Some bizarre numerology
Watching
But the colour codes and - indicate some change in the numbers
I love this chat
Both 1114 & 2020 are angel numbers ---> real in the weeds here now.
Where do we send answer if we get it?
Has anyone got it yet?
Obvious, but not literally on your face, think of the expression figuratively.
Eye 2 eye
Guys just support my coloring challenge hahahaha jkz
so something obvious or your top lip. Got it
Im not good with codes :(( huhu
“1M R1GHT UND3R Y0UR N0S3”
Ooooooo, yes you’re on to something
I have! I have!
Talos Principal?
Eye to A
OMG, that’s so funny, I literally laughed out loud
Green maybe words and pink numbers
Earth-11080? possibly?
So I moved on
LOL so funny b/c I found that too and was like nah it can't be this
Is it a senate bill???
Maybe we need to give you the Turing Test to find out.
Yea still working it out (aloud)
Eye for
iirc you have to submit the answer to the team via a support ticket. Unless they changed the submission process.
Do we have to enter the code somewhere or is it just a word or phrase we are trying to decipher?
EIEA
EOEA
I 2 A
420 and 69 might be involved
cough cough talos? cough cough
Coming up with all sorts of shit
Yeah I'm on it
Keep going!
Dn chek
“Am I HUM4N or M4CH1N3?”
where to even start
idek what giving it a try means lol
Just finished work, time to give this a try 
Anyone found that
Just finished work, time to give this a try
so it's a bonus
shhhh don't tell anyone but I really enjoy what I do + I'm great at it too.
dilemmas are supposed to be difficult choices
the dilemma
to join work meetings or to wok on the code meaning
Gm to all
Take it easy today fr3ns (已编辑)
Morning fam
I like
Ooooh codes.
color coded now
O_O
What does it all m34n ?
WAGMI!!!!
GM bud what's up?
We’re over 2k strong F4M!!!
Mega!!
Me too! I started this account to start building my alpha community and I want to start off with what projects I hold and what projects I want to hold. 

It's a way of supporting what I like, and a good showcase of my analysis skills I think
That's awesome! Looking forward for the upcoming weeks so you can add more  on your thread.
That's awesome! Looking forward for the upcoming weeks so you can add more on your thread.

I finished my twitter thread about EY3K0N so far
Nearly 2000 members!
It’s right under your nose
What does it mean
To unlock character 3
TH3 C0D3
Jesse!   Shall we see what 1NF0 we can get for everyone today? See if those number mean anything?
i saw it
The tweet
GM F4M and W3LC0M3 to all the new members . Here's a few things going on RN:   TWO of our EY3K0Ns have showed themselves so far: INDIRA and KING CHROME - Check them out on ey3k0n.io (I wonder what all their traits mean?)   There are  3 L1ST spots up for grabs for anyone with made creative chops; check out 
 for more info     ..... 1114-2020 ? What does it mean? 
is there some new puzzels
Jesse! 

Shall we see what 1NF0 we can get for everyone today? See if those number mean anything?
ahhh
The one you did
wich one???!
So good! On fire with the puzzle
Oh you're good - I actioned that
didn't get a reply
what about my ticket, i submitted my Meta adress
 <<<<<<<<<<< And you?
Exciting stuff coming!
<<<<<<<<<<< And you?
how are you today?!
morning Doc
We'll do some digging.. Maybe there is some more info we can get
Not sure!
Hmmmm
A quick reminder as well:

 No W4TCH3R will ever DM you
 If you are DM'd by anyone claiming to be from the EY3K0N team, please report by opening #deleted-channel
Ayooooo
Or it must be the number of NFTs featuring king Chrome
Is it a date

 TWO of our EY3K0Ns have showed themselves so far: INDIRA and KING CHROME - Check them out on ey3k0n.io (I wonder what all their traits mean?)

 There are 3 L1ST spots up for grabs for anyone with made creative chops; check out
🐦︱tweets for more info

yo what's good
How bout you?
How are you all doing?
Hell
Hey wassup
kid doing that is wealthy already nice start too life
Saw the killer art and/or website?
So TopRazzy how you got connected to Ey3kon?
Just trolling a bit and having fun. Welcome to EY3K0N
That's a new level of meta there
Does not compute...
Blows my mind.
Yup.
lol the YT niche (已编辑)
Why am I surprised my youngest son likes to watch unboxing of toys by other kids it's crazy 
Why am I surprised my youngest son likes to watch unboxing of toys by other kids it's crazy (已编辑)
This is just what a bot would say
Not my path but hey power to you if you can make it work
Whoa I'm impressed
You can make a wage doing this?
So a team of levelers, okay
The audacity
I was talking to a bot???? The blasphemy
Its marketed as that but you know its just a bot
Welcome to the Ey3kon server though! Happy to have you here
Discord leveler? I didn't know that was a profession.
Hahaha the pain is leaking through
^[0-9]{0,7}, Always gives me a headache but at least this was a simple solution. Sorry for the RegPTSD. This was to remove a string of numbers up to 7 digits preceding a comma at the beginning of a 1.5M line CSV. (已编辑)
Nice win!
Not a bad haul at all
That's dope!
I think I saw on twitter
On Solana I won 70 Sol for solving a set of ciphers first
THat is the puzzle that is going on right now.
You should check out MobLand if you arent already involved
Lots of work get put into them
I automatically get drawn to puzzle drop projects
well this one does seem pretty technical so that's good 
will pace myself more on this one, think ab it a lot but not stress over it
or chess sudoku
Until you have to play the variants like killer sudoku
But to xor overlaid dots lmaoooo
Sudoku is fine
I love sudoku - play it all the time and race with the wife. We aren't competitive at all.
Give me sudoku all day.
I can agree for sure. I am more cut out for finding technical solutions. The ambiguous clues that could be anything are a struggle.
Those look intense. Math is not my strong suit.
In RTFKT
In NEON PLEXUS?
A couple old ones
Man you would love the MNLTH puzzles
Those moments are gold
I'll give it a go just had time at work free of back to back meetings and was able to really get non-meeting work done
LOL
lol I was hoping you didn't mention my post
hahaha just popped in and saw you and wind tear1n it up figured id say hi
Oh so this is where you sneak off too 
Oh so this is where you sneak off too
it's a weakness of my personality and brain. i kinda needa feel like im getting somewhere to stay motivated
ill be honest idk if im cut out for how difficult these ones are
h4h4. Keeping up with the channel but having to do RL work is keeping me down
Now that’s our kind of gif!
h3y h3y, avoid1ng 4RG
Good aft3rn00n f4m! How is everyone! Its at least aftern00n here!
Hell9
Yeah, don’t undersell!
I was going to say ambivalence but I'll take it.
More brilliance!!!
I have my moments of brilliance follow by spurts of ....
That gif is priceless
Codes everywhere! I see codes everywhere
RL is a code
By now you guys know ANYTH1NG can be a code
Ha!
Does that confirm it is a puzzle?
No
Would the automatic compression that Twitter imposes on images hinder us with this puzzle?
lol you know - just the little things
Good ole priv escalation
There's a CVE-2020-1114 that this may reference  
im fine thankGOd
You and me both
i HDUD! mate
There's a CVE-2020-1114 that this may reference (已编辑)
I know for a fact that I have too colorful of a history for government work h4h4
Oh man, I think the government needs you as a code breakerthe gears are turning.
LLLA-RORO or -906
Ha! For sure
I am just going to wait for some direction or more details because I am already spending time on this rofl
I was just winging through class.
Just the latest tweet is cryptic (已编辑)
Sheesh I'm way behind. I need to borrow your notebook
We are taking notes???
Kingautocorrect
I bet! You seem to be a long of them
It certainly would but I cant tell you how many times I have overthunk puzzles and ARGs haha
Being a date would be pretty easy
Hmmm…no
I am guessing its the years that the world takes place (已编辑)
Hmmm, yes this is the question
But for what?! Adding to my notes 
hello Ey3KON !!!
But for what?! Adding to my notes
Clue, clue, clue
You talking about the new Twitter post?
Hmm. What does t mean. Potentially a new puzzle?
Yes, yes I can haha
GM all need th last box checked can you guess which one
And thank you fr13nd!
I'll dm you
Do you think I should start getting the new chapters? I don't really know how comics work and if they are hard to find after the fact or how they are released. Teach me senpai 
Do you think I should start getting the new chapters? I don't really know how comics work and if they are hard to find after the fact or how they are released. Teach me senpai
I mean you have several years of story to read so it's not bad. (已编辑)
There is so much going on at once, I needed to see what happened hahaa
At that pace you will be getting through the series in no time.
Hahaha yeah no real progress. Already devoured vol 1 & 2.
Need about a gallon of coffee this morning
It appears no progress has been made unfortunately. So far so good. Stayed up way too late all weekend so its rough this morning. Halfway through vol3 of Saga though haha.
It's a quiet day and I'm loving it man. I took a quick look at the arg but I got stuck and took a break from it but I'll be back on it shortly.
How is everyone this morning?
Good morning p4l!
maybe this week (just maybe).. Well, who knows? make sure to keep yourself updated, p4l (已编辑)
wen next EY3K0N?
GM to my Ey3kon P4LS!
T3nks!!
W3lcome!
Newbie here
Holla amigos!
Gm! How we doing today folks?
It has been a whole since I colored in anything. Lol. It will be fun though! Worth a shot at the one of the spots.
So excited to see if I get one of the 3 spots 
So excited to see if I get one of the 3 spots
hey guys
Oi oi oi
I got 10 more levels to go eep
Oo
got it mate. thanks!
For the list
for the puzzle, we still have 3 spots left!
Every spot is taken?
Whar about the puzzle?

 We got some stuff cooking this week.... for now head over to #deleted-channel to have a go at EY3K0N GR1D and see if you can pick up some bonus XP to help #deleted-channel . 


 We might...............just maybe............. be introducing our next EY3K0N this week. Who knows?
For sure! There will be plenty
makes me interactive with the content more
hopefully there are more puzzles like that
Thank you, it was hard finding the puzzles. But Loved that activity
Nice! And great job on the puzzle man!
I didnt notice this till now haha
ooh actually I like this the most
Kinda like a zombie vibe
I like this one the most out of all the king
hyped
That's pretty cool
I believe this
Oh man! I’m sorry, but you know I have to
Man... you know I'm already hyped. You can't do this to me! 
Man... you know I'm already hyped. You can't do this to me!
Right;) and we’ve barely shared anything yet, some of the craziest stuff is still to come!
For sure I work with travel agents from time to time!
Aww okay I see. Sounds cool. My gf is a travel agent so a little similar.
Damn, so close!
Wow this art is so sick! It's gonna take some real skills to randomly generate characters with this amount of detail!
For example, google wants to book a tradeshow. It starts with Me. I book the space and the hotel rooms they need. But I work directly for the hotel
All of cryptocurrency be pumping. Ty russia
What exactly are convention sales?
Oo nice! I’m in convention sales
I work in the InfoSec industry. How about yourself?
What do you do for work
Got that right! Lets see it go higher!
lol it’s okay ETH pumping
Just chilling on Sunday, preparing to get in the right mindset for the work week, which takes some strength
Sounds stressful! h4h4
Can all of us be considered if we do the card? It shouldn’t just be one person i feel like…
Pretty good just sitting back and watching the market ! How about you
might be me
Yoooo we popping off
fire
yo that announcement
Thanks and good luck to getting those cards filled out!
Indeed congrats to that, I'm excited to know who'll be the first person to finish the card 
Indeed congrats to that, I'm excited to know who'll be the first person to finish the card
All good. I am lucky to be on th3-l1st already so some other fr13nds can get some points!
Wow almost done. You can make a crypto fb account p4L since it's still early! 
Wow almost done. You can make a crypto fb account p4L since it's still early! (已编辑)
Dang it! I just don't have a Crypto FB account  Points for someone else to win 
Dang it! I just don't have a Crypto FB account Points for someone else to win
Let’s share this

Hello fr13nd! How is your day going?
What’s up guys
Ha! Love it;) well so far your art is the one to beat IMO
Niiice! Hope it was a nice little fun time!    As a reward, you get to have me on th3 l1st!  
Niiice! Hope it was a nice little fun time! 

As a reward, you get to have me on th3 l1st!
Found number 4!
You got it and now you have more help
Imma try to be on top of that one  gotta get on th3 l1st as well
Imma try to be on top of that one gotta get on th3 l1st as well
Wonder what the next puzzle will be O.O
can't wait for more reveals
fine bro
It's better than most of the NFTs out there
Yo the art is incredible
How you doing beco?
Thaanks, Beco!
amazing Gamo 
very nice reveal
wich f4m !!
Oh my god this art is insane
Nothing like a good smile
What is up f4m?
hello bro HDUD !!
amazing Gamo
Love that one too
new posts in our
🐦︱tweets
Sick announcement!
new announcement in
💥┃announcements
Looks like he took your advice and got some dental work done rofl
My man is drippy with the gold chains
For sure p4l! Can't wait to hear more details
Psyched for this project
I agree. That one is so sick
This variation is my favorite so far!
project looks sick
Howdy all
It does indeed!!
Awsome
loving the art work
yessir
I spy a shadow of an ey3k0n by the sky
looks like thriller jacket
This is fire (已编辑)
Yo yoooo
4/4
Found the-destroyer 
That neck tattoo though
Found the-destroyer
3/4  
SO DOOOOOOOPEEEEEEEEEE
SO fire! Such an interesting perspective also
TH3 K1NG⚡️⚡️
Here is mine   I just finished it 
3/4
the moon doesn't count
Also the logo, and character sneak peek, does the moon count?
1/4 (已编辑)
Here is mine I just finished it
if you use paint 3d, you can create a color pallete yourself so you can switch between colors more easily
really like that! I'm excited to see how it turns out
That's a great start
A lot of zooming in and out h4h4.
awesome fam
Thank you! i appreciate it
Its so hard though to find the spot where it needs closing hahahaha
No problem! Lospec is a great site for pixel art palettes.
Another thing to point out is that some of the shapes arent fully closed so when you paint that area it will paint other objects nearby, so I had to use a 1PX black pencil to close some of the shapes.
Nice! That is how I did it also. A good tip I would recommend is to create a color palette as a layer so you can quickly use keyboard shortcuts to change colors quickly. Here is an example from a website called Lospec.

I might add details after if i have time but idk hahaha
Im just using the bucket tool in photoshop hahahaha
May I ask how you are coloring it?
I know we’ll make sure to stoke out all the OG’s in the F4M
Looking forward to some character reveal in about 30min!!
Shame OGs didn’t get a role
Thank youu!!
GR0W!⚡️⚡️
Edging closer to 2000
This looks amazing!
Im starting to regret the rainbow decision its hard to do hahahaha
Looks dope
Awesome start! Love the rainbow foliage!
Thanks fam !! Appreciate your kind words
Love to see moms out here hustling. Get it 
Thanks hahaha
looking good
Im currently trying to do the art challenge hahaha
Hey guys!
Very cool! Are you doing the work yourself?
Gotta finish my basement first so I have an office and a place to put it 
That is amazing! Happy to lend some advice when the time comes if you need any.
Gotta finish my basement first so I have an office and a place to put it
Sounds fancy. I’ll be doing my first PC build in a few months
And its much quieter
Ty ty!
And a happy Sunday to you!
Happy Sunday p4l! (已编辑)
Hey! Wazzup F4M!
Only after the kids are in bed
W1LD G0053
Goose in the house!
Hope you are doing well.
Good afternoon folks!
Love to see moms out here hustling. Get it
Hii happy Sunday!
What’s up eyekon fam
How's everyone's weekend?
Hope y'all are having a great day
Yo!
Happy Mothers Day!!
(UK): Happy Mothers day to all those mums!
GM T34M
h3Y guys! Just wanna remind you that the puzzle game is not yet over! There is still 3 slots left for runners up who'll win +1000xp for solving the puzzle.
Whats up to my ey3k0n f4m? W4GM1
Aww y3ah! Will be two down and 8 more to go!
Of course! So stoked you guys solved the puzzle so fast;) I think there will be an official character reveal later today GMT so keep and out and spread the word!
Thanks fr13nd!
Nice job!
Ty ty p4l!
congraats!
I did! Pumped!
got it   thanks! Did you get on th3 l1st? 
got it thanks! Did you get on th3 l1st?
Yessir I did. You as well?
You still have time to get top 13 for 1K XP
Oh woow the last pieces were revealed  oh well guess I missed that one 
Working on it!
You can get wl mate. check out #deleted-channel channel. Just follow the instructions. 
I’m pretty sure there will be plenty of other opportunities to get on TH3 L1ST
Yes I think this is the last chance
You can get wl mate. check out #deleted-channel channel. Just follow the instructions.
Haha really preparing hard I see! I really hope all of the rest of the arg team gets the wl now   Is this the last chance to get wl or will there be another part?
Haha really preparing hard I see! I really hope all of the rest of the arg team gets the wl now 

Is this the last chance to get wl or will there be another part?
Been doing ARG's all weekend with another about to start I think! 
Been doing ARG's all weekend with another about to start I think!
Welcome Andy! Great to have you here
Having a good weekend?
Good to see you here Gamo
Good to see you around here Andy!
Oh woow the last pieces were revealed oh well guess I missed that one
#deleted-channel
Who do I send the pic to?
Welcome 
I couldn't find the last piece
Yes I have been looking at the website, nice job
Happy to have you! Check out the team on the website.
Good morning all, just joined and gonna DYOR a bit.
Bad a$$
Hope you are doing well!
GM! Although its very early here and I should probably go to bed haha. Not too bad. Was an exciting day to see the K1NGCHR0M3
How you all doing today?  I am stoked to see so many people solving the puzzle and unlocking our next artwork.
How you all doing today? 
I am stoked to see so many people solving the puzzle and unlocking our next artwork.
GM F4M
His mouth or grill maybe
Scroll up in the channel for a few pieces you might have missed
Centre of the face
Whats the 40
;p;
ill help you if you can find 40 /40
you find 40 /40
I'm here with 5 missing piece
Just 1
cant find number 40
I'm missing somewhere
How do you find all that
cant find 40
1 more
How's the hunt, mates? ALL P13CES ARE OUT! Make SUR3 to gather them all throughout our social channels Don't forget to share it to us through #deleted-channel ! W4GM1 (已编辑)
Just check your tickets for updates, m4t3 (已编辑)
Do we have the list of winners? (已编辑)
I don't think it does yet but it definitely related somehow I think
I'm referring to the map, does that mean something... or?...
Dude... I can't find whatever it is on Twitter. You're a true sleuth!
Damn yo yeah hahaha got it
 no need to wait
Pre- unveiling
I am number 4220 - I paid 8 ETH for it. Lol
You think they will make a come back
Emmax I see you have a hapebeast
Good Morning Team!
no need to wait
Still time to finish! Top 13 get rewards!
But yall drop them at 2,3 am for me
Waiting for the last six
Yes, good things come to those who wait!
Patience my dude 
Gs night than
Patience my dude
What about the puzzle
Night!
Take care p4l!
hello and good night
haha. DiamondVampire
My man's enamels need some attention is all I'm going to say.
See attention to detail my friend
found it on twitter??!
Derp I got you
It is from Twitter, that is all I will say 
It is from Twitter, that is all I will say
So top 13 get a reward, keep that in mind for everyone else still looking for #40
What's this?
Got it
Woah!
Is that how we supposed to submit? creating a ticket?
That is assuming rofl
3 of us did
Has anyone sent in the complete image yet?
Absolutely! I think this is another case of "close" being acceptable like in horseshoes and handgrenades (已编辑)
hi bro
yea its so hard to make it exactly fit
Ow okay
i opend a ticket bro
it's the puzzule challange bro
Ha! I love it, my drop was the lynch pin
mean first 3
we are the only 3 here
You hope you are 
You hope you are
i'm the 3rd one
bro i opend the ticket
Thanks buddy
Check #deleted-channel
Please what are the WL info
got it bro
Good to know. It was messing with my OCD haha.
Don’t even worry about that dude!
H0p3fully you guys arent too hard on the lines not matching up perfectly h4h4
YEEE3E3EeSS5SSs!!!
chrome kinnnnggggg
ChromeKing
The K1NG
Right!!!
All I am saying is what a grill!
Found it! Hopefully I can get the list
C’est trop facile!!
parfait is my fave dudeeee
missing the last one
thanks hahaha
where is bro??!
Yes you do! Do you have the whole image??!! Send it in, post a ticket, claim the first spot brother!!!
sorry gotta get that L1ST
Hahaha!!
its one of the replies im not that nice hahaha
yaaa that's what i was thinking it's not
Wait, is this what you were thinking? This isn’t #40
where bro on twitter
its on twitter guyss
I saw that but forgot where
while i was looking for the pieces awhile ago
Ha! You got it;)
i saw a weird tweet and the pfp looked like the missing piece
We are in this together!!
Yeah man, help the F4M!!
Of course
can i help?
Do you know character number 2’s name?
i wanna help guys
Hmm... O.O
It’s possible;) I didn’t post it but I think it could be out there.
i don't know
Oh snap I won't be home if you release it !
Has it been posted already?
kinda sad its about to be over
i stalk u guys too much fr this
thanks haha
What!!! Ha;) nice;)
And it’s an important piece
i saw 40 on twitter dude! ahwile ago
Is going to be hard to find;)
#40
1 MORE BRO
where can i pass my puzzle
1 M023 820!
WOAH LETS GO
Wait a sec
Woooow
I love those
So far so good! Lazy Saturday haha
So good! Thxhow about you!!
39/40
38/40
37/40
Whats up! How is your Saturday so far?
H3LL0 FR3N5!!!
its at the ig storyy
100%
That sounds fun! Game it up!
I'll give it a go
If still not solved completely
hahaha - I have to go to dave and busters for my nephews bday party.
hahaha I guess it's more than that with that comment
Only missing 32? Hmm...
hmmmmm
Got everything else up to 36
awww I'm missing 32! It's sneaking around
I did it
to be more safe mate
good aftermoon Goose !
Good afternoon folks!!! Aww I just notice the drop of all them pieces!
I'm good
Excited for the project? What excites you the most?
Doing well! How about yourself p4l?
I'm good and you
An exploit that you should update Chrome to the newest version
why is that bro?!!
For anyone using Chrome. There is a new zero-day (security vulnerability) and would recommend updating Chrome to the newest version of 99.0.4844.84.    
For anyone using Chrome. There is a new zero-day (security vulnerability) and would recommend updating Chrome to the newest version of 99.0.4844.84. 

we waiting bro
instructions will be updated 
instructions will be updated
This is from the website
where do we post??!
where did you get it bro???!
Looks at the detail of traits!
Does this make you 3xc1t3d?!
I am not sure, but I hope so
are they dropping the last few tonight?
day ago maybe ill look again
not most
iits more recent ones
ive got all on there
I thought so also. I would look really h4rd on IG
NO problem! Happy to share what I can!
A lot of fr13ndly competition (已编辑)
ive looked everywhere i thought
ug
cant find 2 pieces again
Doing good thanks friends
im great WAU !!
fine thank you
How’s everyone
I’m gonna have to keep grinding
Ahhh so much competition lol
they should drop the rest today
no problm bro (已编辑)
Thanks f4m 
Thanks f4m
check the DMs
Help a fr13nd out  Tip?
Help a fr13nd out Tip?
need the last 4
You find 32/33?
Okay
Because the website if f1r3!!
Roadmap is really
Oh do you know why it isn’t on discord ?
On the website f4m!
I think on the website
Where roadmap
Apparently, too personal of a question lol
done
36 dang!
36 pôsted
i got some missing ones is everything posted yet? hm
.
and a channel so it will be easy to post
dud it's better to put a time for the last pieces because of the time zone diffrances
4 left to go
and open a channel for the puzzle so we all get equal chances to win the list
so we all get equal chances
because of the time zone diffrance
yo bro you gotta tell us when you will drop the last pieces
drop them peices
almost finished
sneaky sneakers
thanl you
google Gimp
one thing a good college maker i coundn'd find one
okey boss
You guys gotta  harder today 
You guys gotta harder today
ya but just tell us the number and we gonna look throw the SM
thats for you to find out  
I dont wanna give spoilers
Ooo I missed that one on insta
thats for you to find out
how much??!!!
nop 
nop
I saw 30+ on insta
30
???!
we are at 29
lots of puzzle pieces dropped  
Its something to do with year 3000
Ey3k0n
Like the name
Been trying to recode all these secret things
Nice Job!
Now
I am fixing the puzzle bow
Finally
But found the final piece
Took me a while
Been stalking everything
lots of puzzle pieces dropped
hi good morning !!
Thank you, a lot more Odín it’s way. Been working awhile on this one
new piece just dropped, wonder where it is
Electric year 3000 on Network? (已编辑)
Y2k = year 2000 then Y3k = year 3000 right?
It might be some hidden clues (已编辑)
and the E
whats the 0n for
EY3k0n = E year 3000
Wait
learn something new everyday haha
me neither
i didnt know abt this
:O thats kinda cool
Yeah, Indira is cool!! Next character is going to be so good also! Y2K was a crazy end of the world meme that went around back in 2000
lets go
the Indra
in insta
I saw some of the art
but yeah I agree its awesome
what is Y2K?
Y2K?! Because it’s awesome
don’t forget our facebook p4L check here
🖇│official-links (已编辑)
gotta get em all
yeah I am following the insta and twitter
Anytime pAL Just keep updated here and in our social media accounts! (已编辑)
im on the hunt
thanks p4l
You’ll have a chance p4L but first feel free to check the
💥┃announcements for some updates (已编辑)
I feel like there are some pieces missing
bro i'm on the hunt
i already have a bunch :^)
if we find pieces we get whitelisted?
Let's go
race u :)
Let's both find the pieces
friend
good luck u to
gotta find them
So you already have 20 pieces, 8 pieces more since 28 peices are already dropped and maybe you can find some here  
So you already have 20 pieces, 8 pieces more since 28 peices are already dropped and maybe you can find some here (已编辑)
how are u today? :O
Hello 
hi guys :)
I have 20 of them
Where do i find that I surfed through all of your social media
it keeps increasing
So far
I got em all
Dropped some yesterday
*28!!
I'm doing well, wbu?
Hey! How are ya?!
Am alright
How are you doing
Good and you mate
How are you doing today guys
Most definitely!!
Yeah, man. So exciting to see the community growing. The more art that gets dropped, the more undeniable EY3K0N will become!
Let’s keep going, EY3K0N N4T10N!!!
And can’t believe we are almost 1500 strong!
Yeah! The puzzle character is so cool;) I think we might see him soon⚡️⚡️
So keen for more character art! That world-building art released earlier today was really cool.
I hope so, want to drop some more character art, let’s GO
Puzzle pieces dropping like mad today, will someone complete?!
GM F4M!!
Np..thanks for the info
Oh, sorry for that mate. I think I misunderstood your question. Anyway, there are 22 puzzle pieces dropped. 
Oh, sorry for that mate. I think I misunderstood your question. Anyway, there are 22 puzzle pieces dropped. (已编辑)
They will drop more later, I guess
Or where it can be?
You have any idea where are the others
I've searched all of the social media but i got less of them
Hey mate. There are total of 40 puzzle pieces.
What brings you to the project? 
Hi.. Totally how many puzzle pieces are there
So, so nice seeing our steadily growing
Everyone keep your eyes peeled today I think there might be a nice big drop later 


.
What up
What's up fam
hows the weekends
hhhh
I heard Liam from 1D is here
What’s up fr3ns
a
Hi everyone:)
What brings you to the project?
Hello and welcome! How are you?
wassup
How is everyone this evening, well evening here at least!
hallo
Hi friend
hihi
I take it you're a fan, Annie?
Lol might be lurking
is Liam here?
I’m a fan
sooo B1G inde3d!
I just realised who this account is. Liam Payne from One Direction. That's a BIG deal.
hahaha was just trying to entice the group
We'll see mate, just keep updated 
We'll see mate, just keep updated
I found 2
I don't know
another 4-6 reveal today?
Noice
Yes pal it's the 28th piece already
We are at 28 right
I think the cost was 1TEZ, so not bad and cheaper than ETH/SOL
I haven't got my .tez domain yet but should get onto that.
Its cool for sure. Lots of untapped marketplaces to explore on top of everything else haha. They also have .TEZ domains so had to pick that up 
Its cool for sure. Lots of untapped marketplaces to explore on top of everything else haha. They also have .TEZ domains so had to pick that up
What are you up to today?
Whats up buddy?! Just chilling and watching the blueprint reveal for MobLand.
That sneak peek into the EY3K0N world is so cool. Immersive storytelling is such an untapped space. Can't wait to see what you've got in the works.
I love Tezos. It's such a great way to discover new artists. And the cost-value ratio is pretty incredible.
Whoa. Solid engagement on that tweet.
Awesome! Love the community voting idea
NEW TWEET ALERT     check it our un our 
 channel   
NEW TWEET ALERT check it our un our
🐦︱tweets channel
You got me. Its right up my alley haha. This is also the first comic story I have read besides some Manga.
now we got you hooked
the bait was set man
hahahahah
Ordered the next few volumes.
Made it through vol 1 of Saga last night. Its a pretty cool story so far. Some dark themes for sure.
Love it.
TRT fam in the building!
sure bro
If you want to DM me your wallet addy, I can send. Will have to learn how to do that first since this is the first time doing it haha
done bro !! 
done bro !!
Currently its only a browser extension, but they are developing a mobile app.
I use Temple.
no i dont have tezos wallet !! wich wallet u use i well make one !!
If you have a Tezos address, I can send you a few NFTs to get started. FP on one of them is .19 and its at least something to get started 
The other is .33
If you have a Tezos address, I can send you a few NFTs to get started. FP on one of them is .19 and its at least something to get started
Tezos blockchain  its good 
Tezos blockchain its good
Good idea! I have been venturing into the Tezos blockchain recently. Some interesting projects. FxHash has some interactive code based generative projects.
still looking bro !! idk where i can start !! but  fell we are start small bullrun on alt market i well try to trade some alt !!
still looking bro !! idk where i can start !! but fell we are start small bullrun on alt market i well try to trade some alt !!
Yes sir! Any news on the business?
yap all my have in my life   u thinke its well be defrant and Especially!!
yap all my have in my life u thinke its well be defrant and Especially!!
Thanks man, you too! Excited for the BP reveal.
ya bro enjoy ur friday 
ya bro enjoy ur friday
That sounds like a good day to me 
new pieces dropped! I wonder where it is?
That sounds like a good day to me
fine no new in my life normal day
Whats up buddy?!
hay >>
Gona get some food. Chat later folks 
Gona get some food. Chat later folks
I never made it to Banff. Really need to explore that area.
Victoria is pretty cool also. So is Tofino. So many cool places to visit there. Banff also 
Yeah, West Coast
Victoria is pretty cool also. So is Tofino. So many cool places to visit there. Banff also
I’m guessing you are US based?
Oh Van island is beautiful. Really great place to live.
I'm happy things are going well, building a strong foundation to prepare for whats to come.
I see! Vancouver is a fun city. Lots of things to do in that area including Vancouver Island.
Ha used to when in Vancouver, not so much in England
Yea it really does. Some of those home delivery meals can be good (gousto and the like)
Mmm, tasty! Do you like to grill?
That works! haha I probably like to eat more than cook but I usually try to cook something at least everyday. Eating out gets to expensive.
Just steak tonight
Well when I have time! Not trained or anything but can get by!
Are you into cooking?
Sounds awesome!
Oh nice. Just finished work so gona get some food and watch a film
Just work so far. But Fridays aren't usually that crazy, so it should go by fast. How about yourself?
Are you up to anything exciting?
Sounds like a good recharge!
Yea gona chill out tonight and take it easy
We are eagerly awaiting m0r3 d3741l5
Good. Great week actually. Super pumped by the amazing community that’s building around this project and what we are going to do together.
thank you, happy to be here!!
Amazing! W3LC0ME
this is only the beginning 
Only the beginning! Only up from here.
this is only the beginning
Damnnnnnnnn that's awesome!
Hi jahad
Wow, nice! Number pump inc!
Speaking of socials, is it just me or did we just get our first celebrity notice F4M? 
Sounds like a good opportunity to make a script haha
I do suck at anything but twitter so this is stretching my social engagement
3XC3L3N7!
Stay stalking them socials
of course mang!
All 28? 
All 28?
Not bad! It's Friday!
all set for me
🐦︱tweets 
Good morning! How are we f4m?!
🐦︱tweets
We want some #sneak peeks (已编辑)
LOL thanks for answering my question. We need the rumble bot in here got to slay some folks. Ever die in a rumble match to a strawberry? I have.
I think #deleted-channel is new here (已编辑)
Good morning/afternoon!
Morning guys
What's new ey3kon fam?
What up!!!!
Re the last message I sent - if this another 'discord promotion service' then we'd politely decline - however if you have something super rad, please open #deleted-channel
Gm!

 NOBODY from EY3K0N will ever DM you. If this happens, please contact a mod ASAP.
 The safest way to contact us privately is via #deleted-channel 
 P0S1T1V3 vibes only. We really don't want anyone smearing other projects here or slandering
Bye Bye Marzel
green, meet, bees, knees, keen, sweet, tweet, steep, deep, meek, fleece, steel, seek, weed, wheel, need, speed, queen, seen, sweep, feet, tweet, steep, and deep.
Good morning chat!
Ty I was looking for a 27
Thank God bro I'm fine
Welcom mate HDUD
You doing good bro??
Good afternoon
There are two puppies that came to my door couple of days ago, someone must have left them, happens a lot here. I am living in a relatively remote location. I am taking care of them defo helps calm down except for when they shit all over the stairs and they made a habit out of it haha
Sounds super exciting! Can't wait to hear more about it.
Building a web3 startup, still stealth mode, will share more - hopefully soon when we go live  Re keeping calm, trying to do multiple things including hanging out at EY3K0N discord with you frens 
Building a web3 startup, still stealth mode, will share more - hopefully soon when we go live Re keeping calm, trying to do multiple things including hanging out at EY3K0N discord with you frens
Awesome, good plan! What are you building? And... maybe more importantly, what are you doing to keep calm? 
Awesome, good plan! What are you building? And... maybe more importantly, what are you doing to keep calm?
Yo yanniNFT! Plan is keep calm and build  Hope all is well with you  
GM Sony.
Yo yanniNFT! Plan is keep calm and build Hope all is well with you (已编辑)
GM, FR3N. What have you got planned for today?
GM FR3Ns 
ayeeeee lfg
GM FR3Ns
L3G3ND!
just based from the suggestions thread im guessing so. hahahaha
Yeah, it's starting to snowball. Nice to see.
Are you the originator of W4GM1???
We're growing fast!!
still cant believe how surreal it feels to have a suggestion come out as a sticker
Sounds good. GN!
Same to you,just waking
Just heading to bed myself here. Have a smashing day!
Yeah, I am happy to! We can chat about it tomorrow.
Nice, I work in marketing/brand strategy. Do quite a bit of web copy/content writing, too.
That's awesome! I'd love to see what you're working on if you're willing to share sneak peeks? Hit me up on Twitter if you're interested.
What do you do for work?
As my day job, I work in the InfoSec industry.
It is interesting indeed. Have been playing around with creating my own collection myself. Have a 600 token collection of animated PFPs. Had to learn Photoshop scripting for automating and using actions to automate creating the 600 PNG/GIFs. And of course some basic Solidity contract writing. There are some great resources out there for a minting dapp also. The part I am at now is developing a progressive reveal, since I wouldn't expect the collection to sell out quickly.
Who is server owner
Nice! I'm over in New Zealand.
Yeah, trying to pivot my work towards the NFT/web3 space as much as possible. Just getting started with it really, but it's quite exciting. What do you do?
I live West Coast of USA.
Sounds like some fun work!
Where in the world are you?
Sounds good. Nah, it's early evening here. Just doing some work for a few NFT projects I'm helping with.
I am good! How are you? Just work today and got a decent run in. You just waking up?
Haha. F4M, we can do better than heys and what's ups here, surely! We're building a new world together.
how about you? (已编辑)
Hey bud, we're doing great
Y0U'R3 W3LC0ME!
Gracias
Excellent! Are you working today?
For those who are still hunting some pieces check our
🐦︱tweets channel, maybe you can find it there
Glad to hear that. I just woke up. All good too
Yep, google igdownloader
Anyone know of a better way to get images from instagram other than screen-shotting them?
Not too bad, just about off work and going to go for a run. How are you?
So LFG
How’s everyone?
If anyone has BlueBeam pdf editor it’s super easy to add them all together in there
#734M8LU3
You could try Canva? It's very user-friendly.
Whatever gets the job done
It's open source so I could download it
Gimp would probably be easier
i have gimp free program but scared to try it proably better to use though
works, moves them about when you add a new one but once you size it they go back to where they were
then size them by dragging corners and select text wrap so they can move around and arent stuck
Preview is surprisingly easy without having to worry about layers
if you copy and past them into a new document
Yeah I got word
All on to a single image
you got word?
Mac preview. It's working pretty easily copy paste
what are you using
I suck at Photoshop so I'm doing it a harder way...i guess I like pain
so you can move it around without messing with other pieces
jstu need to copy adn paste then size it then select text wrap (已编辑)
kind of tricky but i got it
im using word lol
Oh! Just a thought I’m like Wind, photoshop would be my  program of choice but good old paper and scissors does come in handy for a creative person!
Oh! Just a thought I’m like Wind, photoshop would be my program of choice but good old paper and scissors does come in handy for a creative person!
really
Guess I need to look harder
I've been scouring all of them
This channel, IG, FB or Twitter
Where did ya'll find 5-7? I can't find those anywhere
Rofl! I would be impressed if someone did that
Or you could manually print em out
I personally use photoshop
Microsoft Paint is a solution
do you hava any good college maker?!
Well 1 and 2 on your list are the same 
okey
Well 1 and 2 on your list are the same
27?
total??!
i have 27 in tottal now
looking for 5/6/7 please
^
out fo 40
26 so far
how many are there?!
one question about the pieces
hello guys
so more to tell
just ended with where ti was in teh books
but they didint jam the ending like GOTR
hopefully get picked up by another service as it has more to tell
I heard good things about it but I've yet to watch it.
did you watch The Expanse
Oh, I watched the StarGate movie. That was pretty cool
That's a lot to catch up on lol
Will have to work on that I guess haha
It helps.
The age gap really hit home differently this time.
Big OG Star Wars fan though, maybe that gives me some more credibility (已编辑)
haha, sorry fri3nd
Have only really watched Doctor Who
Please tell me one of these hits home
Doctor Who
Star Trek
Babylon 5 (season 1 is rough)
Stargate SG-1 + Atlantis
Farscape
Firefly
Battlestar Galactica
Its true. I am out of touch with p0p cultur3 of my day
not TWD though
LOL Highlander sure makes sense
Does it hurt when I say it was before my time?
TWD and now Highlander
Wind man what's going on!!! You hurt the soul here
I cant say that I have watched it.
Loved it
There can only be one
Yes! Great film. Watched Highlander a few weeks ago, classic.
Paramount+
Awesome! Blade Runner is a classic!
Oh really? What is it on?
Lots of old stuff from the 70s and 80s, sci-fi, fantasy.
Sounds like a good evening plan. What kind of movies are you in to? 
The new live action Halo series dropped today I think
Sounds like a good evening plan. What kind of movies are you in to? (已编辑)
Yea was nice and sunny in London today. Just chilling out for the evening. Might watch a film or something!
Our numbers have been pumping!
I have nft for sale
How are things for youi?
So far so good. Just normal Thursday, except there actually some sun outside which is a rarity haha
Nice to have lots of new members
I would name them as you go so you can keep track of the ones found and missing.
jsut getting lost at this point
think i found it
then like 9 in here
yeah i meany insta 3 and 3
Instagram?
saw 3 on fb and3 on dis
not even sure where i got them all now
I would check FB/Twitter and scroll up a bit
so i have 25 pieces and unsure what i missed
yeah me as well
Hey mate check out the recent announcement in the
💥┃announcements channel. I'm sure it'll excite you all
I also have a full write up if you want me to send it to you
haha no problem. It is still active if you want to continue. I reckon most people are waiting for ARG 3.3.
never did figure out your practice arg
and I like it!
Hahaha! I’m in a wild mood
Whoa
Ask and you shall receive!
26/40
25/40
Feed me more puzzle pieces!
I know, haha go for it
I think there will also be an update if this in the official announcements channelI just couldn’t help myself to blurt it out!
Maximoff
在此频道标注了
一条消息
。查看所有
已标注消息
。
2022/03/25
I noticed that but still could be of use
check announcements  
Didn't the announcement channel do that?
check announcements
And let’s keep growing this F4M!! ⚡️⚡️
love the new announcement!!! (已编辑)
I like it! Lets get some momentum going!
Hell yeah, keep an out, I’m pushing them to start dropping pieces like crazy!!! Wanna reveal a 2nd character
L3ts G0!
For the puzzle challenge, first 3 people to collect all the pieces, assemble in the right order, and share back with us will get on TH3 L1ST!! And the first 10 after that will get +1000xp
let's go!!!
UPD4T3
Ok everybody!
how did you guys hear about the project?
Ha! I’m sure;)
I'm defnitely pro expansion!!!
Not too shabby How about yourself?
Hey how is it going everyone
My major changed a lot haha
Aww I see. Maybe I should have continued it.
It's more physics and chemistry
Aww, that is very cool. That was my major at one point but math is not a strong suit for me haha
Mechanical Engineer
Oh, cool! I can't remember what you do for work
I studied and finished my degree
I'm 32 years old
You working or studying today?
Pretty good! How about yourself?
How us everyone doing today
The winners for the puzzle challenge
Expand what?
Maybe we could!
Maybe they expand it since our discord has grown hehe
exactly :/ if it was top 10 or something I would have tried harder haha
Yeah, its a race for sure and depending the time they drop the last one or two, it will depend where you are located.
I haven't actually had the time yet to go scoop around and collect them yet, but since only the 1st to find will get wl then I prob have small chances anyway with my schedule xD
a truee, they dropped another one
Umm, only 22? 
Absolutely! Thanks! Mental health is very important
Umm, only 22?
that is actually very important! Glad you took the time for yourself
have you got all 22 pics btw?
Mental Health day haha
haha "sick" I see 
haha "sick" I see
Not too bad. Back at work from my "sick" day yesterday.
I know what that feels like haha.
getting pulled in a million directions hahah but at least I'm doing things 
getting pulled in a million directions hahah but at least I'm doing things
Whats up dude?
noice 
noice
Nice work f4m
Good job p4l
found em
I love how everyone’s helping out!
Sup all
IG too and FB
That was posted
One hour ago
I found one on twitter
Found one more
Check the links for socials
Lol I’m looking around
There might be one more 
Where to find that
There might be one more
I saw the one on twitter
Only 16 more
I think some more puzzle pieces have dropped 
I think some more puzzle pieces have dropped
Nice kong brother!
WGMI 
not bad bro looking for more invit here !!
How we doing?
G00d morning f4m! For all those new people, check the
🖇│official-links channel and follow those socials!
hay mate
WGMI
Wahu
Getting close to another character reveal with the puzzle also!
we hit 1,000 members congratulations everybody!!!
new TWEET alert check it out in our
🐦︱tweets channel
goood jop when it done enjoy !
LOL now I'm curious too.
Much better. It was a crazy last two weeks at work. Had to do write then administer annual reviews for my team members. That's all done now. So it frees me up a bit.
great bro WAU !!
ya we R early here
Hey Beco! How are you?
goof afternoon Goose !!
I’m surprised there isn’t a lot of members yet !
Check DM
Wow I love this server
buenas tardes mi pana!
Good afternoon Ey3kon fam! How we living today?
Nice meeting you all
ive somehow flipped a piece 2 times now
lo
thouht i had 23 pieces until i saw that ping
Keep it tight and take it easy!
I have to punch in for the day
Morning EY3KON's!
No thing just cheling
Looks amazing
Not much how are you?
What up fam?
Absolutely I’m a woman so I need a strong woman pfp
Indira is badass right?
INDIRA  I want pfp
INDIRA I want pfp
Good morning mate HDUD!
Oh so excited
Gotta catch them all!
HEY
The rest are up your sleeve
W4GM1 (已编辑)
Nah the account itself like 2, 3 weeks ago
The art sneak peek today?
Hello dear
Saw it randomly on my twitter feed
How did you all discover EY3K0N?
W3LC0ME to everyone who's new here!
Drop em
Release pieces!
 are 40 pieces of a puzzle that when put in the correct order, reveal our next artwork    Currently 22/40 have been discovered. Where are the rest? 
Anyone new to the channel we currently have a puzzle challenge going. Hidden across our
🖇│official-links are 40 pieces of a puzzle that when put in the correct order, reveal our next artwork 

Currently 22/40 have been discovered. Where are the rest?
H3Y FR3N5
So pumped.
What up what up!
all the very best to the team for future
even i am excited
Aw thx dude! There is so much more great stuff to share!! Super exciting
project and art looks sick man
Yes indeed!
so you from the team rite?
i am fine thanks for asking
Hey, doing great, how bout you?!
Right;) you never know
GM who else is super excited today! Only the beginnings
This would be incredible!
Wouldn’t a cool animated music video be awesome⚡️⚡️ 
Can't wait!
Wassup buddy how you doin today
This is so good
The music channel is going to be out of this world!!!
Yes! More pieces doctor, more pieces!!
Think everyone's close to the next one as well 
So you know those radio channels....
Think everyone's close to the next one as well
Can't wait for other sneak peeks
What a way to wake up
I reckon this kinda movie soundtrack vibe would work well, too. Have you seen the film Tenet?
They're creating a new world. Not just an NFT project.
That's a good point!.. They'll have all the bases covered, I reckon.
Hi mate. You can open a ticket to be able to talk to them privately.
Pretty genius to incorporate music
Also, they have a music channel that is going to be coming so I am thinking they have something in the works :-)
Always a good listen!
I'm feeling like some daft punk (TRON:Legacy)
Lol you know late night evenings got me jamming
100% i doubt they will have any issues
If the roadmap is to create a new entertainment platform for the metaverse, audio will be part of that.
This is true.
Also 8D synthwave almost makes you have to use a headset!
I think of 8D similar to Dolby Atmos with spacial Reverbs directional audio. But I prefer Dolby Atmos with better versatility in movie and music
Yeah, that vibe suits it pretty well. Maybe some 8D synthwave?
If we don't got a music track we def need some synthwaves in here    
Nothing like feeling you like your in 1980 and 2080 all at once
If we don't got a music track we def need some synthwaves in here
Yeah, so cool! I might collect.
This is cool AF!
Do you have a link to this artist?
An artist like 'Tycho' could be cool. Got that synthy vibe, but also organic/otherworldly 
An artist like 'Tycho' could be cool. Got that synthy vibe, but also organic/otherworldly
Nice! Some cool stuff on FXhash. I really like Tezos, one of my favourite places for discovering new artists.
Yes he is in charge of whitelisted
On Tezos? Very cool! Will have to give this a check out. I have been on the fxhash marketplace recently and looking at projects on there.
I came across this audio NFT project yesterday. The artist claims it's "8D Audio". A collab with someone like that would be dope. Best listened to with headphones. 
How about for you?
Based on some of art I have seen, I am thinking some synthwave style vibes would be cool
I've posted 'ICON' by Jaden a few times, but that's more a community theme song. I'm not sure what style would capture the EY3K0N world the best. What do you htink?
Curious to see what other det4ils the project will bring. Adding a music component would be incredible.
It could be anything, unless the EY3K0N team has something in the works already hehe.
I could sing twinkle twinkle little star…
we can reveal the other members skills
this is cool
The sneak peak video really makes me wonder what kind of music would be playing in this world. Perhaps an EY3K0N theme song contest? 
The sneak peak video really makes me wonder what kind of music would be playing in this world. Perhaps an EY3K0N theme song contest?
Ha, looks like it saved now even though it said it didn’t. Thanks
Is it okay now? If not, I'll try my best to help you with that 
You are too kind!
the reveal is SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Is it okay now? If not, I'll try my best to help you with that (已编辑)
Anyone else having issues changing server nicknames? It won’t let me save mine
What's up fr3ns? (已编辑)
Hey all of EY3KON!
Done!
Good idea!
Everyone should go and RT this now. Time to let the world know what's up.   
Ahh looks so good!!!!
Everyone should go and RT this now. Time to let the world know what's up. 

You've been a key part of that!
beautiful. that's it
Let’s expose it
Looking forward to seeing other drops as we grow together!
GG to everyone that helped grow the f4mily!
It certainly will!
Just warning ya'll, the art reveal could produce a tsunami here in the Discord.
Stay tuned to that p4Ls
Soooooo much more cool stuff  to share
I love that the first character is feminine
Very slick, team. Very slick!
And all that info about the traits and possible combinations is great, too.
Already shared it.
Soooooo much more cool stuff to share
The Twitter gif teaser is soooo dope!
Hello p4Ls We dropped the one art now (已编辑)
Congrats, F4M! That came around fast. And the art is SICK!!!
WHOOOAAAAAA!!!!
IND1R4
We already reached 1k members LFG W4GM1 Check out our first EY3K0N in the
💥┃announcements channel! (已编辑)
Whoa! That
💥┃announcements straight (已编辑)
Almost under double digits!
Almost 1K already? We were at like 650 yesterday. EY3K0N blowing up today
It’s found in our emoji and stickers, try it
16 away!
So. Close.
I know we can taste it!
Almost there  LFG 
Like this one!
Almost there LFG
Let's get a nice push on them socials folks
30 away from 1k let's get this tonight!!!!
N3W FR3N5
Honestly, it's exciting to see that Discord number ticking upwards. I knew it was a matter of time.
Yuuuhoooo
GM Ey3k0ns
hello mate
Looking forward to seeing the art in the morning
G00D M0RN1NG!
good morning  all
good morning all
Definitely a talented team
Can’t wait for more sneak peeks
Dude!!!! Me too!
Absolutely fizzing to see the first art reveal! 
Absolutely fizzing to see the first art reveal!
So close
⚡️⚡️
The community is getting bigger So exciting!
W3LC0ME
Where are all the new EY3K0NS coming from?..
Whoa whoa whoa... went to sleep, came back, at 930 Discord members!
I W1LL B3E B4CK
Terminator
New twitter and instagram post ❗️  Check it out in our 
 channel!  
So pumped we’re almost at 1k, feels like EY3K0N B1RTHD4Y
All good my friend, jamming away robo-super-night-owl-overlord style
What's up!
W1ND!!!
Tysm! Super excited to be a part of this! 
Tysm! Super excited to be a part of this! (已编辑)
New twitter and instagram post ❗️ Check it out in our
🐦︱tweets channel! (已编辑)
We appreciate your great ideas my friend
Bro, it's an honor to be in your project :-) Welcome to the Discord!
Some serious talent on all fronts
Things are picking up. People getting the legit hype of this amazing art/project
Only 70 away
Oh wow
So much happening
What a day
Pollina in the house!!
Welcome BECO
hello EY3KON ppl
We saw All being reviewed
i posted a suggestion about the WL
yo bro
Best option is to open a ticket!
Hello fren! Can't wait for the unlock almost there indeed, LFG
So close! Next stop 2k
I mean winding down for work. You are ahead of my day. It's only 4pm here.
9pm here
Woo hoo!! We’re so close
Excited for the first EY3K0N character unlock when our community reaches 1k! Nearly there everyone
I still got some hours left in the day but winding down
Chilling after my day at work
About to get my afternoon coffee shot! Outside of that I'm good! How about you?
How you doing guys
no problem
Hey fellow night owl
Thanks so much
use !rank command in #deleted-channel channel
Where do we check levels fam
no worries
Gotta love the small tight knit group
Wow you guys are so awesome!! I love how engaged and involved you are. I had to pay premium to change discord names hahah
there i changed your nickname for this server is that okay? 
there i changed your nickname for this server is that okay? (已编辑)
no i cant change my pfp just for this server only my nickname
Yea it says I need nitro. I was in another discord and the mods could do it if you wanted. Are you able to?
but i think when changing nicknames you dont need nitro
yes when changing pfp
You need to have nitro to change your profile per server.
edit server profile
try changing server profile
it increases the chances to be picked
Says I need to pay for nitro to make changes
Does lvl 15 gets us wlist?
I think you can change or edit your name with ey3kon on it just for this server  Try clicking your profile and click the "edit server profile" there you can change your name just for this server only 
Hello and welcome to the EY3K0N f4m!
Fully agree!
A necessary endeavor if I don’t say so myself!
Glad to hear and pretty good myself! Playing hooky today and exploring some mountains.
Then breakfast of champs it is! :-)
It's what makes me feel better about eating it 
Great man! How bout you
It's what makes me feel better about eating it
What, s up guyz
Is that what it is called? Haha
How you doing Jesse?
yes the team is fully doxxed, you can see the team's info in the website.
Wazzzupp
Is the team fully doxxed, or will be?
Early gang
McDonald's the lunch of champions
Heya!
Good morning EY3K0N f4m!
from double digits now we at triple
damn we growing growing
Elloo family
Hy
wazzahhhhh
Welcome everyone !
Tag me once you get it to load. want to know your reaction
WC
Aye!!!
We just started establishing the community, m4t3! It's great that you arrived early! The supply available is 10,000. The WL allocation amount is TBA. I hope you'll be able to open the website.  
Hello everyone. Feels good to be here
We just started establishing the community, m4t3! It's great that you arrived early! The supply available is 10,000. The WL allocation amount is TBA. I hope you'll be able to open the website. (已编辑)
And wl allocation amounts?
Phones too slow to open website
What’s collection size
Thanks brother
All their social accounts are
It's in the
🖇│official-links
Welcome! Good to have you! Take a look around I'm sure you will get excited very quick.
Can I get a link for your twitter ?
Pleasure to be here
Welcome to the community
Hey friends
Hey fam I’m from aqua too
Haha thank you! Spread it to the alpha groups I’m in. Hoping you guys can do WL collabs with them since some are influencers
Whatsup from aqua
Check out #deleted-channel 
Whitelisted people will surely be given a role. Make sure you are eligible for whitelisting first so follow the mechanics.
How’s everyone today?
I’ve been shilling the project left and right
These will be unveiled in the next week.
#MOM3NTUM
We need OG roles
Hi hi
Hi!! Can’t believe how early we are
We getting closer to that 1k! Let's get it less than 200 folks.
Good morning folks! Hope everyone is doing great!
GM how's everyone?
Gm! How are you guys?
Oh yeah
Hey p4l. Can you please open a ticket and send us a proof?
Oh, I haven't yet
Sure you can
Just received my 500xp
hope this helps!
I think you can change or edit your name with ey3kon on it just for this server

Try clicking your profile and click the "edit server profile" there you can change your name just for this server only (已编辑)
Is it possible to add eyekon to my name without losing wlists in other discords? Had an issue previously
Hey folks
still gathering pieces here bud HAHAHA
I wonder how quickly someone can solve the 40 piece puzzle for the second artwork reveal? 
WOW this is so exciting!!!
HELL YES. Our first 4RTW0RK reveal happens when we reach 1k members 
I wonder how quickly someone can solve the 40 piece puzzle for the second artwork reveal?
HELL YES. Our first 4RTW0RK reveal happens when we reach 1k members
By the end of the week for sure!
Gm f4m
Up for 1k members
Hey there
Hey p4l glad you're here
Word's getting out
The Discord is growing quickly now... was 700 when I was here earlier today. 750+ now...
Thanks for the positive v1b3s owshii !
Btw, if you have time please visit our 
🐦︱tweets p4l
You can check it on #deleted-channel , m4t3!
How to be whitelisted here Mods
Nice project
Hey p4ls
How'z everyone
Hello guyz
Btw, if you have time please visit our
🐦︱tweets p4l
me also
ohh okayyu
I'm looking forward for the next drop of the puzzle
not yet pal, how about you
Have you gathered the pieces p4l?
im doing good also hehe
How you doin?
Hey pal, I'm good btw
sup owshii
Sup p4ls
GM!

Best to open a ticket with a Screenshot of your RT or story post
Where do you live?
Where can we send proof for the 500× challenge
I prefer Canada to America . Life in Canada is quite cooler. Peace of the mind and soul .
I was born in Cali in the Garlic capital of Gilroy haha. Some nice places in California.
The left side of America. Singapore is cool. Want to travel there one day.
Nice! I lived in SF for AGES;) not anymore but love Cali
Head to #deleted-channel
Oh where is west coast of US? I’m from Southeast Asia, Singapore
Ok! How do I open a ticket? Haha
Yes please! Not everyone's tw handle matches discord name 
I am West Coast USA. How about yourself?
Certainly not my sanity
What's up
Yes please! Not everyone's tw handle matches discord name
Nice! Where you from? I’m only halfway through man haha
The day is about over here. I am working in the day.
That’s good. You working or studying?
All is well so far, thanks!
Hey thanks man! You too! Hope all is well with you
Have a good rest of your day fr13nd!
Good man, came back from lunch. Back to work haha
Yo and welcome
I'll try to invite some friends over.
Also, the team behind this project is solid and isn't frail. Happy to have a team like all of you.
Just about bed time for me
Morning to you.
Love the juicy information on the website as well.
I totally agree, fr3n!!
Love the interactive website. This will be  more than a kick ass project. This project is going to be.... EY3KONIK! 
Love the interactive website. This will be more than a kick ass project. This project is going to be.... EY3KONIK! (已编辑)
Yes, fr3n. Glad to be part of this community (已编辑)
I am happy to have crossed paths this way.
and hopefully i am tall enough for the ride as well
but the ride doesnt begin until i pay for the ride first lol (已编辑)
So i am staying for the ride
I am here to f around and find out.
Ey3kon's getting even better everyday, ! There's no stopping here so keep an eye out (已编辑)
How goes everyones day?
have a good night rest
Hi! I hope you do too. I have to sleep due to my time zone. Take it easy EY3KON
Hello there,  ! Have a great day!
waves
Hello there, ! Have a great day!
Hello community  ! C:
Hello community 
! C:
wahu!!!! it does!!!
YeS, m4t3. Me too!  The community looks cooler with this! 
YeS, m4t3. Me too! The community looks cooler with this!
HAHAHAHA
I feel so proud!
YAS!!!! WE HAVE A STICKER
W4GM1~
wazzapppppp
734M P1NK
Looking forward to it pal
Gr33n t34m!
We gotta hold it down for the OGs
Is everyone ready for it?..
There's gonna be a tipping point... probably after 1000 once the first art is revealed.
This could get confusing!
700 members!!! LFG!
Welcome Albus!
Dexter's laboratory now that's bringing it back
Not too bad yourself?
How’s everyone doing here!
Even for the Twitter RT?
Anyone struggling with collecting all the puzzle pieces remember to check ALL
🖇│official-links
Thanks for the heads up and enjoy your f4m time!
Look carefully
W3N 21 
Evening fam - spending some time with my IRL fam so quick note to anyone who's entered the comp - simply open a ticket and Screenshot your proof 
Evening fam - spending some time with my IRL fam so quick note to anyone who's entered the comp - simply open a ticket and Screenshot your proof
Super cool!
Agree
Suits you well;)
Taking the green logo for a spin!
Always Wind with the killer ideas
Thx!
These are awesome!
Sounds good! Happy to accept a DM as well
Let me look into it, I can probably find a way or we’ll set up an art link in the website
Not actually sure. Worth a try haha
Can you send svg or ai files in here?
Can you share the raw file you are working with? A vector of the shape would be awesome to be able to work with.
Awesome! You beat me to it!
Lol!!
Here’s a bunch of colors
Awesome! I am working on something now that is animated.
I’ll shoot him a DM and ask him to drop a note in here about it.
Not sure, we should ask the Doctor?
Yes! That’s an awesome idea probably could pull a few other cool EY3K0N things together for people to choose from as well
Thanks! Think it would be cool to share some other colors for people to use in Discord?
Sweet;) cool red skull!
Going well! How about yourself?
heyoo! Sure is
Yo guys! How’s it going I think any piece would be cool to get you the XP bump.
Until we get some sneak peeks that is
I might want to check with the team, but I can share some colored logo images I have made to be used as PFPs if anyone else wants to use them.
I mean, it specifies just a piece of the puzzle so I would assume any... just my thought though
I am not sure. Maybe they will just check after 24 hours and see who retweeted? I am also not sure if it is just for new pieces or previously found pieces
does anyone know if we gotta provide some proof that we shared the puzzle piece on twitter?
Yeah, I don't think I've ever been quite this early either.
pretty exciting to be here so early. First time I am so early for such a cool project 
pretty exciting to be here so early. First time I am so early for such a cool project
Exactly! Enjoy the ride and help build the community/project 
we need to provide proof somewhere?
Me 2
which nr? I retweeted nr 16
Where do I post
Nice work!
I found a peice and retweeted
Exactly! Enjoy the ride and help build the community/project
Being here so early means we get to enjoy the ride along the way!
Yeah   I was impressed by the website. Then as soon as I saw the team, I was sold.
I'm exactly the same. It takes something special to get me to spend time on Discord.
Yeah I was impressed by the website. Then as soon as I saw the team, I was sold.
perfect!
I can't seem to find it pinned there. I can send you the starting image which is all you should need.
I think I will actually give that a shot in the next couple days. I'm doing some learning on marketing rn. Always more to learn   Is the ARG you created pinned in the channel?
I think I will actually give that a shot in the next couple days. I'm doing some learning on marketing rn. Always more to learn 

Is the ARG you created pinned in the channel?
The ARG I created for TRT is still up if you want to give that one a shot. It is a lot more technical though
would have been more then a couple of minutes without your hint though xD
nice little game. It was a fun couple minutes, thanks!
Good job!
haha yea, I was trying to make it sound like "more" and that's what I thought would make it but close haha
Nice! You pretty much got it. It was moar haha
Need mora details?
on it.. hmm
Its all about practice and knowing what tools are available. Maybe start here: 
man... I really gotta get better at arg's if I can't even decode this  
man... I really gotta get better at arg's if I can't even decode this
Here is some thing to decode:  N33D M420 DL54137
exactly! The team is honestly the first thing that attracted me here, and after I saw the art I was just drawn even more
NEW TWEET ALERT     check it out in our 
 channel   
good afternoon!
NEW TWEET ALERT check it out in our
🐦︱tweets channel (已编辑)
Afternoon folks
Here is some thing to decode:

N33D M420 DL54137
Fully agree. I may not be a great investor in this space as its usually the artwork that determines if I spend time looking in to a project and the art style here really caught my attention, then it was the stacked talents behind the project. Not only creative talents but they have advisors with blockchain and tokenomics working with the team.
very excited to see how this projects delivers. One of the ones I'm most excited about  
very excited to see how this projects delivers. One of the ones I'm most excited about
how you doing Goose?
That was what my gif was all about   almost got me
hf
gl
W3N 21
How's everyone doing? (已编辑)
heyoo
That was what my gif was all about almost got me
Thanks for the deets. Can't wait to hear and see more. Extremely excited for this project!
it will be on ETH
Has any information on which blockchain this project is going to be on? Assuming ETH but you know what they say about assuming...
At least it is over and you can chill and relax
Good evening then How was the day? Did you work?
Ya enjoy your rest and start chel on the space
Yessir haha.
Ya bro what ever good time 
Ya bro what ever good time
Not too much, just sipping the coffee and getting the work day started
You know what I mean haha
Uuu  wind its night here morning there! thinkingsweat_smile
Uuu wind its night here morning there! thinkingsweat_smile
Good morning BECO.
Whats up buddy!
I'm fine mate WAU!
21 acquired and placed
I wonder where 21 is 
I wonder where 21 is
coool LFG
NEW POST ALERT     check it out in our 
 channel
NEW POST ALERT check it out in our
🐦︱tweets channel
Very cool. I like the table reading but physical could be cool for the comics.
If you have it on the tablet you can get it on kindle, google or apple stores
Both are available
Oh dang. Lots to get caught up on then. Do they release in physical copies or digital?
So they took a break back in 2018 and just started back up in January
I like the art style for sure, excited to get in to it.
It's a trippy real but soooo good.
Checked out Saga last night. The first few pages were interesting haha
Yeah, it’s a good guilty pleasure to have! And fun to have a cool collection you can hand down to your kids
Just your friendly neighborhood robo-nerd!
Ha! Stop
I dabble into the manga/anime when time permits. My not so guilty pleasure.
The talent here is next level!
And then we have Jesse, who is another level creative director as well. NIKE, LYFT, Virgin
An OG! Nice. Yeah his early works are just insane, and actually only yesterday looking through the archives we discover some HUGE a list movies he's done as well.
That’s awesome, I’m a huge comic and manga nerd;)
Hello every one
Just sent some twitter love to the project. To keep getting the word out. Meetings at work for now. I'll be back at some point.
I've read the X-Men comics that he's been a part of in the illustration. Was big into comics years ago before married life and kids. Still try to get some reading in but harder these days.
100% sending this to Adam. He'll love this
I also must say Adam Pollina
Not quite as fancy but definitely a must for me. I have Nicaraguan coffee beans that I grind up and use a chemex to pour over - warm the milk and some sugar.
But will check it out when I wake up lol
Vanilla shot, Latte style, a side of fabulous I trust?
I will be asleep lol
I'll sip on this coffee and enjoy it on your behalf.
So breakfast then  - When creating a global phenomenon we don't have time for food.
So breakfast then - When creating a global phenomenon we don't have time for food.
Oh yeah - I'm ready. I got my 20 pieces in their locations. Just waiting for the rest! (已编辑)
I did enjoy some breakfast but that message was specifically about coffee.
Dare I ask if this is simply 'breakfast' ?
Nice! Now we wait.
Woo hoo got 20
How is everyone doing?
good morning chat! I got my delicious nectar and locked and loaded.
hi goodnight
wazzah fam
Good evening pal
Good evening, guys!
Sounds good hahaha
All good Riku you can still get involved when you wake up 
yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Wassup everyone
Thnx dude. Can you please pop this in
📨│suggestions for the team to see and review?
Some don't have enough people
The invites part
Which part?
Ongoing
All good Riku you can still get involved when you wake up
4 am 
4 am
To all new members:  We have a few things going on right now:   Puzzle challenge: Hidden across our 
 are 40 pieces of a puzzle that make up one of our pieces of art. Can you find all the pieces and assemble the puzzle? The first person to print off a completed image wins a space on TH3-L1ST. 20/40 pcs are revealed so far.   Race to 1K: At 1,000 discord member we will also unveil more artwork. I wonder what will come first? Remember, invites are a key part to #deleted-channel -    Everyone:  Keep your eyes peeled tonight  on our 
 for something else cool 
I've been here but ty
To all new members:

We have a few things going on right now:
 Puzzle challenge: Hidden across our
🖇│official-links are 40 pieces of a puzzle that make up one of our pieces of art. Can you find all the pieces and assemble the puzzle? The first person to print off a completed image wins a space on TH3-L1ST. 20/40 pcs are revealed so far. 
 Race to 1K: At 1,000 discord member we will also unveil more artwork. I wonder what will come first? Remember, invites are a key part to #deleted-channel - anyone who participated in the 48 challenge last weekend are not forgotten! 

Everyone:
 Keep your eyes peeled tonight 2022年3月23日凌晨3点00分 on our
🐦︱tweets for something else cool
Hello peeps
hello fam
W3LC0ME!
I believe it and it's why I'm so bullish! It's not like me to hang out on Discord this much. This is the first project to captivate me like this.
Exactly what we're building   One important thing everyone - NFT = access. We're not about putting an nft for mint and going away, we have no interest in that.   The best creative minds in the world don't come together for the short Hall
"We want this to be a movement, we want to build a whole universe together."
Say no more! This is the exact kinda energy you want to see from a team!
I saw the website and just dialed in
I'm super excited for this project
Good morning mates
Good morning family!
yo wasssup
Oh yeah...


GM f4m !!
We have so much good stuff post mint.
Exactly what we're building 

One important thing everyone - NFT = access. We're not about putting an nft for mint and going away, we have no interest in that. 

The best creative minds in the world don't come together for the short Hall
I think we have to make sure everyone is included in the bigger picture. It takes an army to make something really big and we want this to be a movement, we want to build a whole universe together. We’ll need ideas from everyone to make this universe truly unique and representative of the collective EY3K0N M1ND⚡️⚡️
That's amazing buddy! Great work
Hmm, probably around 6 hours or so. I did it over several days.
Glad to hear that!
Good thank you and yourself? How long it take u to colour in the picture?
Woooo
Gm 
I think as organic as we can.
Kia ora, FR3N!
Yeah. Any ideas about how we retain that community feel as the project grows?
Aloha
Yes, m4t3. That is something I agree with! (已编辑)
I can agree with that for sure. It's so draining.
Because when the dust settles after a sold-out mint, you need that foundation to keep building.
I hope we can create a legit community here that doesn't fall victim to grind culture.
It's insuffererable!
Yeah, for sure! I'm more referring to other projects where it's just constant hustling by paid VAs.
Keep in mind also, its not solely based on your level/invites. If even says that in the requirements. That is just one method to be considered.
I agree with that fr3n!
Competitions and puzzles etc are fine, too!
That way, when the Discord has 1000, 5000, or 10,000 people, it's not just mindless "hey" "how's things" type conversations. (已编辑)
I definitely see what you're saying. I think WL should be given to genuine contributors and supporters, not people who are hustling for levels/points.
Wassup men
Hell0
The team is next level, right!
Fam Im sleeping, see you tomorrow, Much love and respect Peace
Hi guys what's up
Hello p4ls
Let the race begin! 
Let the race begin!
Thanks! Now just got to be faster than everyone else
Nice! good luck 
Nice! good luck
It was a struggle buss but I got all of them in there proper location
any progress on photoshop skills? 
any progress on photoshop skills?
oh. I did not know that
So it's a race to the finish
The first person to rt the actual image wins
Np.
oh okay. i thought they would drop every piece if someone got the puzzle. thankyou for the info!
No it's dropping periodically just have to be searching. Hint: socials
but idk maybe im wrong so yea
I think they'll be dropping every piece after we solve a puzzle i think?
all i see is 19/40
ive looked everywhere
anyone found todays piecee they dropped
Nice welcome
Cause curix
Just joined
Take care and sleep well!
Gdnight bro
All good
Of course!
Still on elements?
Just don't give me flags
yeah I suck at trivia games but I get the appeal
Also gartlic or what ever its called
I mean that's always fun
maybe adding the rumble bot in here?
I think I have been following this project since a lot g time when they use to have nothing but the image of the team. And reading the skillset they have in board. I was quite intrigued.
The artwork tickles he hard.
Absolutely! The talent on the team is stacked. Really curious to see how it develops
I can see you are so bullish on this project 
I can see you are so bullish on this project
Basically an internet scavenger hunt that uses decrypting ciphers, finding hidden messages/clues.
ARG?
Yeah, I suggested an ARG of sorts. Could be team based also.
Part of solution. We open to discuss ideas. Thrown some ideas if you got. 
It really depends on Mods how creative they wanna get.
Focus on the charity part.
Award artist
I think the puzzles and scavenger hunts are a great way to get levels
Definitely don't want a pay to win wl aspect
Part of solution. We open to discuss ideas. Thrown some ideas if you got. (已编辑)
I think you are slightly deviating to the main topic. Which is having lvls for WL
That's true but all projects have a gen chat where people discuss on topic/off topic. Also they have multiple streams to get to wl 
Donation? Paying to get on WL? That seems like a very inorganic way to build a community.
That's true but all projects have a gen chat where people discuss on topic/off topic. Also they have multiple streams to get to wl (已编辑)
Donation; Art; Contributions to social; charity;
We are only in hundreds now... When we grow more imagine 1000 ppl trying to reach lvl 15 to g3t the list
haha
That can be a problem but hasnt shown to be an issue yet. They also give out XP for being helping and winning puzzles/riddles. What is your solution?
Work with me man! (已编辑)
I think it's a bit primitive approach. Coz it will only make people writing things for no reason to get to lvl 15
Okay cool. Havent watched it myself lol. I know I will catch some flak for that on here haha
The Walking Dead?
Although this is nothing like TWD (已编辑)
Image is where TWD came from
Thanks for the suggestion!
I highly recommend
Might be a good tablet read
Looks pretty cool.
It's from Image Comics
I mean if you want an awesome Sci-fi adventure. The comic book Saga is amazing
I never really was into comic books. More into sci-fi/fantasy than super heroes haha
I use to be a big comic book head but it's slow down with kids and family. But man just got me excited
wow excited for updates
Talent behind the project is dope!! Adam leading the art! I read X-Men Operation Zero Tolerance when it came out!
hehe. Just trying to be a good community member
welcom ya
yap TRT every where on the space
Beco!!!! TRT gang in the building
exited 
This man handing out gems left and right
hi all
Someone get Windtalker a beer!
Helpful for sure when coordinating time based events for people across the globe.
Well I'll be damned.
2022年3月22日凌晨3点13分
Legend
A little trick on Discord for timestamps. If you use the epoch time like this < t:1647889200 > with the spaces removed, it will convert the time to individualized local times. Example: 
A little trick on Discord for timestamps. If you use the epoch time like this < t:1647889200 > with the spaces removed, it will convert the time to individualized local times. Example: 2022年3月22日凌晨3点00分
NEW POSTS ALERT CHECK OUT OUR
🐦︱tweets
LFG Adam Pollina!
exited
What could it be?!
  Looks like there's something brewing on the 
 .. maybe around 7pm?
Also check out our ongoing treasure hunt for puzzle pieces
ya its cool read
📕│faqs
Hello! I just found out about this project on Twitter. I like the sneak peaks I saw.
welcom mate
(GMT, for anyone not UK, that's in 15 mins!)
Looks like there's something brewing on the
🐦︱tweets .. maybe around 7pm?
yo! fam
True words!.. Hey fr3ns
yes indeed! LFG
its right way mate power of real project com from real comunty
minting is to be dated, as of now we are focusing in building this community  
don't worry there will be challenges and games to help boost server XP and get WL
minting is to be dated, as of now we are focusing in building this community
whats mint price or it TPA !!!
but it give you a high chance to be picked
I think to be considered is lvl 15 and 10 invites but its also not guaranteed.
So whats roul here to get WL > invite 15 ppl and reach high level ?? or what !!
Oh yeah TRT coming in full force
fine mate > i see more ppl from our gang here !1
How are you my friend?
BECO! Nice to see you here!
hay Wind HDUD
What is that? Feel free to share any ideas that you have
And this is going to help the community
I have something great in mind
That good
How about yourself?
Not much, just working and keeping up with Discord.
How is the community going
What's up dude
I will need a Prima Guide for sure haha
They will have their own one of these 
Yooooo pieces are always numbered sequentially - so we're currently up to 20/40
Afternoon guys
Sounds real life for sure
yessir, and it hopefully will create a dynamic economy with shifting metas right? as certain resources become more scarce and less scarce as people react to the meta, just like in a real life economy
It leads to the concept of a large syndicate needing to have resources (members) able to focus on different areas for the greater whole.
at the end of the day, it all comes down to utility and creating a world people want to experience
whether it's 4 tokens and 8 NFTs or any combo, it all relies on the utility and gameplay imo
but idk what the alternative would be in the long term, unless literally everything is just "gold"
exactly that's why i can't claim to know
but i do think it is a natural evolution, assuming it's done correctly
any RPG games or really any game we like has multiple types of resources right? 
it's not like you'd want everything in the game world to cost one thing -- gold
gold might be able to get you everything you need at the end of the day if it's the reserve, but there will be things traded in non-gold
again, this is just how im spinning it in my head since i dont really know
They will have their own one of these
It makes sense on the top. Its complicated haha.
hahaha it's a race so we can't give you all the images you know. Only one winner
And that they act as essentially the reserve assets that support everything else, cuz then you should be able to have as many other derivative tokens for that metaverse as you like, at least that's my first impression
Ahhh okey I have to go through the posts in the SM
Like, you actually need there to be a full on economy in the game which should reasonably be more than "this NFT and this token" right?
For real gameplay and a real world that is interesting

But the key is that those main NFT assets and the main token have tons of usage
check
🖇│official-links for the pieces
Tokens on tokens on tokens
Twitter/Instagram/Facebook
well it's a single "project" not a single game
and i obviously don't know anymore than the next guy, but I don't think it'll be bad as long as the underpinning assets (the NFTs and the SYNR token) are the reserve source for all of them
4 tokens and counting it's like I need an old skool gaming guidebook
Wen staking?
I was talking to Wind about this earlier but what do you think about all the damn tokens now with this single project?
was originally gonna be, but a bug happened with binance smart chain that set them opening the marketplace back a few days they want to give everyone a chance to buy/trade before reveal so US people don't get screwed, so reveal has been pushed back to friday and marketplace will open imminently
was originally gonna be, but a bug happened with binance smart chain that set them opening the marketplace back a few days
they want to give everyone a chance to buy/trade before reveal so US people don't get screwed, so reveal has been pushed back to friday
and marketplace will open imminently
Today is reveal right?
Oh yeah Mr.Bizz needs that air time. Love when he's up there talking.
you happen to see that Mr. Bizz youtube video on blueprints?? dude's good at explaining things fr, bright future ahead with educational content imo
As long as the ratio doesn't have to be perfect I'm in the game.
you happen to see that Mr. Bizz youtube video on blueprints??
dude's good at explaining things fr, bright future ahead with educational content imo
I have the 20 pieces it's just a pain
I suck at photoshop...that's all.
G0 F0R 1T  
There are a total of 20 and all the links are posted. Just have to browse those pages and find them
G0 F0R 1T
Ran away safely.
It's super effective.
I see many in my future this morning
I'm doing one final performance review and I'm done!!!! Until next year!
Cyan used teleport
A wild Cyan appears!
LOL nice
hahaha - I'm on my 2nd cup.
Sounds like a good day. How you doing?
Waking up with some black elixir of life
I finally got a slow day! I'm enjoying the hell out of this Monday.
ga bro - how you doing?
Feeling bullish on EY3K0N 
Feeling bullish on EY3K0N
np. then you will have to scavenge for all 20 pieces
Thanks my guy!
check out the
💥┃announcements for that.
Oohh where do I check it out?
it's the puzzle pieces. They released a new one.
Is this a new game? Fill me in please
really forcing me to get my photoshop game up
Niiiiice
Thanks! Its nice to be s33n and good to s33 you!
Yo! Nice to S3E you!
GM EY3K0N familia!
Hope we can have a nice and productive day today
Good morning everyone!
been a busy week so far
hiya fammm
Good morning fr3ns!
sup mates
0.0
It's like a treasure hunt go on their insta, their fb, twitter posts, through this chat and the announcements lol
hi buddies
What’s going on!?
I have to get them all
Hey man
The pieces are scattered across multiple channels (已编辑)
Gotta get hunting then check out
🖇│official-links ; you should discover some more
💥┃announcements
How many do you have so far?
Yesss 19/40
Soteriophobia is a psychological condition which causes a person to refuse depending on others out of fear of being disappointed.
good morning all! have a sickk monday
hi All
Nicee
Invites are one of our min. req's for TH3-L1ST #deleted-channel so this is perfect dude
H3LL Y3S
Hey I was out for the weekend, i can invite a couple friends now if thats ok?
F1 is gonna be really interesting this year
I always watch F1 a year late.. Drive to Survive on Netflix 
Yea super! Well I do like Max (I prefer Maverick type) as a driver but great seeing Ferrari team doing well. Back to the good ol days…..
I created a ticket but I'm not allowed to send a message.
Open a ticket and let us know your ideas 
Meh
IND33D, 0RG4N1C 4LL TH3 W4Y!
I always watch F1 a year late.. Drive to Survive on Netflix
Open a ticket and let us know your ideas
HAHA a lot of drama at the first race. Who are you supporting?
I think you just have to be the first to share the completed puzzle in the main chat here or on Twitter?
I see but idk how to do it I mean I can see there’s multiple pieces that hasn’t been posted and idk how right so I need a tool but after where do I need to post it cause 
 it’s only read channel
Hey everyone how is it going
Are you open for Collab?
Slow and steady wins the race Organic all the way!
I see but idk how to do it I mean I can see there’s multiple pieces that hasn’t been posted and idk how right so I need a tool but after where do I need to post it cause
💥┃announcements it’s only read channel
Yeaa there's loads of free collage maker apps as well (已编辑)
I’m on mobile atm
You on mobile, or desktop?
Where bruh ?
Paste it
How we can put the puzzle toghether?
Bet
Can't force these things sometimes... but the snowball is gaining momentum.
In other news - WHO HAS ALL 19 pieces of the puzzle so far?!
Yeah, I bet. You're working with some creative geniuses. Can't wait to learn more about what's going on behind the scenes.
Yeah, it’s such a fun/inspiring project!
It only takes a week mate.
It's gonna be crazy in here soon!
Yeah, it's nice to see the slow and steady growth.
So happy that we reach 600+ members here! 
The community's getting bigger and bigger
So happy that we reach 600+ members here!
That's amazing!
yeah, it’s my baby 
Will do, I’ll get one of the team to reach out and chat you up about how to collaborate!
Alright Tried to add you but can so you add me
Alright
Tried to add you but can so you add me
For sure!
That's amazing  Would love some collabo?
yeah, it’s my baby
That's amazing

Would love some collabo?
Are you on this full-time, Jesse?
This is my Jam;) building this world⚡️⚡️
Yeah, had some steady growth in the past day. I'll share in a couple of Discord servers and see if it helps.
We’re halfway! That would be awesome if we can hit that 1k, We’d basically get 2 character reveal’s right away!!
I really can't wait to see the completed image!
Freelancer?
That's great
Yep!
African history 

Did European Renaissance before switching to African history
Likewise! What’s your area of focus in history?
It's nice having a friend from spain
That's nice 
Am a historian
The feeling is here   Spain with drinks   What's your profession
GW Sony!
GM fam 
The feeling is here 

Spain with drinks 

What's your profession
Wow! So cool, I’m always amazed with how interconnected we are, we can be anywhere and all in a new community! Spain is good!
How is Spain this morning?
Nigeria
I’m not Spanish though
Spain
What's your country
I’m just getting up, 8:32!
Am fine   What's the time over there
Am fine 

What's the time over there
I’m good! How about you?!
How are you j3ssy
🎭│fan-art
H3LL0!
Wazzup p4l
Everyone’s gotta check out Wind’s amazing scene in color
Let’s go! 1000 here we come
Yes all 19 ready to go!
19/40 lfg
Buhahahaha
oh whats shellz?
19/40
Does that come from Shellz by any chance?..
Ooohhh, I like that one... W4ND3R3RS
Yeah, I ain't playin
W4GM1 my fellow W4ND3R3RS (已编辑)
How’s everyone doing here! Just came back from lunch, feeling more energised!
Hey yo! I caught F1 yesterday, epic end to the race. How did u find it?
Damn Yanni
I've just gone all-in with EY3K0N with my pfp and username 
What show are you watching?
I’m catching up on F1 hahah
Can't wait to hear what T34M M4RS is all about. I'm guessing factions within the EY3K0N metaverse?
Finally the unscramble game ends here!    Kudos to the 50 winners!  Don't worry, p4ls, there's more to come so stay tuned! 
Finally the unscramble game ends here!  Kudos to the 50 winners! Don't worry, p4ls, there's more to come so stay tuned! (已编辑)
You got it right, P4l! Congrats!
Everyone just needs to invite ONE person and we'll hit 1000 easy!
600 members. LFG!
Hey, f4m! !!    1 SLOT LEFT    until the Unscramble game closes, feel free to answer it so you could advance 3 levels instantly! check out this message link:  
New here
I m new here
GM all
Welcome new FR3N5!
look who made it!
19th piece will be dropped soon, stay tuned
Am I blind. Did we get any pieces today?
Hey fam good to see u here bro
I am fantastic, just watching some show on showtime. Watcha doin?
Good! How are you?
Hey fr3ns how is it going
I've just gone all-in with EY3K0N with my pfp and username
yo i see that we are at 586. we almost hit the 600 LFG
NP
I am on mac
weird, mine looks fine
It looks like it needs a space for me. Hmm
Mine is working p4L, may I know what’s wrong? 
Mine is working p4L, may I know what’s wrong? (已编辑)
Hey, it looks like the link for IG needs to be fixed on the official links channel
Yes you arrived early, you can explore our website in 
 for you to be updated  
You are early! Welcome!
Hey fr3ns!
Yes you arrived early, you can explore our website in
🖇│official-links for you to be updated (已编辑)
Everyone in web3 is early :-)
Hi, am i early?
100%. In the meantime Godspeed with your alpha man. Hope you moon bro!
Let me know watcha think once ya finish 
Let me know watcha think once ya finish
Its so good. I'm Spanish so I'm listening to it in it's original while my wife read subtitles but we both are loving it
OMG... Money Heist is one of my favorite shows of all time. Have fun with that !
Yeah I remember that show was on showtime or something. Once I out the kiddos down we will go to watch Money Heist on Netflix. My wife and I are  hooked.
Yeah I remember that show was on showtime or something. Once I out the kiddos down we will go to watch Money Heist on Netflix. My wife and I are hooked.
Dope! I just started a show myself, it is on Prime Video, called "Ray Donovan". Just ran to the gas station though to grab some cappuccino.
Relaxing watching some TV with the kiddos while I enjoy my discord time
Great, yourself?
Yeah thanks for the support fam
How you doing?
Yeah a brief message Im still following you in Twitter
I believe we spoke on twitter
You remember me?
Yo what's happening!
Yoo hey goose!
Nice! Yeah I did some shilling of this project on Twitter and elsewhere. Can't see where we go from here.
Hey, everything’s good just welcoming new members and waiting for some puzzle pieces to be dropped p4L.
What's happening chat? How we doing?
Your welcome fren!
I totally agree with you p4L
That website looks insane 
That website looks insane
Will do thank you
Make sure to check out the website/team if you haven't already.
Let’s gooo what a result  I’m gonna go sleep now but this project looks interesting so I’ll definitely be making my way around the server tomorrow thank you Curix
Stay tuned p4Ls and you can always explore our website here in the
🖇│official-links channel W4GM1. (已编辑)
Let’s gooo what a result I’m gonna go sleep now but this project looks interesting so I’ll definitely be making my way around the server tomorrow thank you Curix
Indeed! Congratulations p4L 
Let's gooo!
Dope welcome!
Indeed! Congratulations p4L
Welcome, FR3N!
Okay p4L, we’ll check that one out! Thank you
Here from Curix tweet. Definitely caught my eye. Gotta check the discord, brb
Judging by my analysis of all the information I think the right answer is T34M M4RS am I right?
will do thanks
Great, if possible I made a ticket #deleted-channel - once you get a chance to answer that would be great.
Send me a DM on Twitter and we can talk. I'm pretty busy already, but always interested in new opportunities.
Oh sick!
Sure p4L
Can I play the game even though I know the answer 
It is your level here p4L, when you always engage here you’ll level up.
Your Discord "level" (ranking) went up 3 levels.
Can I play the game even though I know the answer
love making new connections
If you are interested, I would love to have you come work with me on my alpha group!
I'm a big fan of NFT "fine" art, so collecting a bunch of my favourite artists, slowly but surely.  But I work in marketing, a bit like you, so I'm transitioning a lot of my work to the NFT/web3 space.
Working on a few projects for New Zealand brands/artists at the moment and have advised a couple of bigger projects.
I'm a big fan of NFT "fine" art, so collecting a bunch of my favourite artists, slowly but surely.

But I work in marketing, a bit like you, so I'm transitioning a lot of my work to the NFT/web3 space.
Wait so I am kind of confused as to what I won lol
You got it right p4L 
You got it right p4L
and what do you mean by advance 3 levels
is that right?!?


So... what is your goal in this space?
Followed ya back. Thanks fren!
Just followed!
Sounds great. Where can I find/follow your stuff?
Well I am a Social Media Manager for NFT projects. I help them increase engagement on Twitter by using SEO tactics.   For my community, I am creating an alpha group! I have already made some solid calls, my most recent being Muri. I want to bring value to my community.
Well I am a Social Media Manager for NFT projects. I help them increase engagement on Twitter by using SEO tactics. 

For my community, I am creating an alpha group! I have already made some solid calls, my most recent being Muri. I want to bring value to my community.
Awesome! What's your background. And what's this metaverse community you're creating?
I created a ticket to propose something with the team
Checked it out, looks a little out of my skill set haha. I will be chatting
There's an ongoing puzzle game in 
💥┃announcements to win a WL spot.
Team members are pretty active in here.
There's an ongoing puzzle game in
💥┃announcements to win a WL spot.
Will check it out now 
Hoping to get the list!
Will check it out now
I haven't been this hyped on a project, well.... ever!
Plus
📕│faqs
Did you check out the website/team already?
The alpha is spreading. Good to hear!
someone posted an invite in the chat
Through an alpha group
Welcome, FR3N! Yes, you are very early. How'd you find us?
Also how do I check how many invites I got?!?
I have arrived! am I early?
Good night!
Fam Im sleeping, see you all tomorrow, Much love and respect Peace
Done done
I did it fam thanks
hi good morning
1 more to go
nice!!
It is, next to EY3K0N
On laptop its on top left invite people right?
Alright thanks a lot fam I menaged
On mobile - hit the 3 lines in the top left of the app   Just to the right of where it will now say EY3K0N will be 3 little dots (...), tap that and then hit invite+ 
On mobile - hit the 3 lines in the top left of the app 

Just to the right of where it will now say EY3K0N will be 3 little dots (...), tap that and then hit invite+ (已编辑)
I have a question tho, how can I find the invite link here?
Hello fam how you all doin?
Feel so happy tonight
We are for real the best team
Vamos Barca
Just reached zurich from dubai. bloody cold
Debating making a second account just to log in and hit that rocket! Haha
Somebody hit that rocket! I want to see the 19th piece
Hey! How’s it going;)
Evening Fam
Few hours to El classico
Good Evening Everyone
Who's going to give the 19th rocket? 1 from dropping 19/40 for the puzzle challenge in #deleted-channel
2 more! Just react of youre ready for piece 19/40. It will all make sense
I love the new emojis!
goood night
Done
GM! Happy Sunday
Just 4 more reactions until piece 19/40 is dropped
Nice stickers!!
aweee. we are glad that you're happy! Thanks for the idea anyway.
📨│suggestions is always open so feel free and continue to share all your thoughts, we'll be happy to hear from all of you.
You guys dint know how happy this makes me to see what was once a suggestion turn into the our movement. LFG!!!
6 to go!!
7 to go until I drop 19/40
Lets go! We’re getting close!
React to this fam, so we get piece 19
9 to go
Check
For anyone new - here is a reminder of all the cL stuff we've got going on:    can earn +1000xp IF we hit 1,000 members in the next 24 hrs. Remember, we need a minimum of lvl 15 to be considered for TH3 L1ST!   PUZZLE CHALLENGE - Accross all our social channels are pieces of a 40 piece puzzle. Collect them ALL to reveal an Avatar from our collection AND earn +500 XP!! PIECES 1-18 ARE OUT.    NEWCOMERS - Can you solve the word scramble? We can bump you up a few levels by giving us the correct answer to the anagram:  3M4T 4RSM   CLUE: tweet Elon Musk and he might tell you the answer.   ALSO if that wasn't all enough - we are dropping our first artwork reveal once we hit 1K members too  Can we do it?  
444 people to go guys until first artwork reveal. If we do that in the next 22 hours everyone gets +1000xp
10 more people
Sunday f4m - 19  reactions and I'll drop 19/40
Yanni! Totally, you guys have been so inspiring;) will be amazing to build a universe as a giant team!
I like the way you're thinking here.
although.. it might bring me back some joy making some "special" colleagues a nice hard time
Fairly doubt my colleagues would like to decrypt my mails bwahahaha
I'm pretty convinced you can get used to it pretty quick.. harder then when need to write business stuff IRL job
Love how cryptic we can make it! Imagine this being a cipher in a game world to unravel clues
yeah the style of the homepage is dopesick.. can't wait to see what this journey is going to bring and reveal
Haha yeah I can't wait to see what this creative team is cooking up, too!
Admit that would be my limitation of creativity.. let the real creative guys do the artwork instead of me torturing everyone's eyes on reading ha ha
W4GM1 is probably the most important one
THIS!
Yeah, easier to keep it to greetings and exclamations!
Ahaaha!
I'll keep it to the known shorts in the dictionary
un1qu3 y35 8ut t4k35 m3 4g35 t0 wr1t3 wh4t 1 w4nt t0 s4y lm40
Hahaha un1qu3
K1nd4 h4rd t0 g3t u53d t0 1t h4 h4
y3s. I agre3 to th4t
Feel free to add to the dictionary!
For anyone who's new here, this is some of the EY3K0N lingo:

FR3N
P4L
W4GM1
H3Y
L3G3ND

etc etc.
cuz im expecting it because they're slowly revealing one by one, parts by parts
mhm thanks
thats great that you like it. you should expect more reveals soon
These are awesome! Love the insider language we're developing here.
i did its awesome
We early, FR3N5!
Welcome.
Wow! Great to see a bunch more people in here today!
Did you check the website? Reminds me of smthin
Heyo 
Hey Bro   good to see you here too 
Hey Bro good to see you here too
Just saying.. But 19/40 should really help with the puzzle
I'll get us started
Sunday f4m - 19 reactions and I'll drop 19/40
highly recommend check the website
btw you can share your suggestions for this project at
📨│suggestions
last week
when you join the servee
same thoughts pal lol
unqiue asf
keep posted pal to see more cool stuff (已编辑)
I know right hahaha
holy its so cool
okay hahahah but have you checked this?
in a good way lol
hahaha why is that?
thanks
good to know
the twitter looks crazy
yea im doin fine bro
i just chcked out the insta
we're doing great hbu?
about the ey3kon?
have you seen the photos in twitter?
fine as well.
good hbu
how yall been doin?
Got any insider knowledge?
that's great bud, if you have time kindly check our
🖇│official-links
ok thanks broski gonna go try get some invites
ohhh so its like a chance
If you can do all of it, the higher the chance you’ll get a wl spot
check this out
so if i get 15 level xp and 10 invites thays wl thanks
there is another way to get on the WL
yup
yeah i know but if i get level 15 xp do i also have to get 10 invites
you can check the #deleted-channel to know more about WL
just asking to get the wl do you hsve to do all the requirements
wassup just joined
good morning y’all from Darxy’s workshop
yes mate. We give exp boost right away.
did we get that exp boost from yesterday
really fun it was still small-ish, fast paced ppl burned out but working on cool projects
That's  . What was it like? 
That's . What was it like? (已编辑)
I worked at SpaceX for a bit  (已编辑)
yes mate. great! you got it!
Try on next one? T34M M4RS is the correct answer for this one obviously
I worked at SpaceX for a bit (已编辑)
you can try again mate.
wooo!
My guess is M4RS M4T3
Hey mate. You can put your answers here.
what's up everyone
yo hello
New to this group.. 
GM everyone - hope you’re all having a wonderful day ☕️
Lets go!
For anyone new - here is a reminder of all the cL stuff we've got going on:


 PUZZLE CHALLENGE - Accross all our social channels are pieces of a 40 piece puzzle. Collect them ALL to reveal an Avatar from our collection AND earn +500 XP!! PIECES 1-18 ARE OUT. 

 NEWCOMERS - Can you solve the word scramble? We can bump you up a few levels by giving us the correct answer to the anagram:

3M4T 4RSM 

CLUE: tweet Elon Musk and he might tell you the answer. 

ALSO if that wasn't all enough - we are dropping our first artwork reveal once we hit 1K members too

Can we do it? (已编辑)
Back from church 
Prayed that God blesses everyone here 

Amen
Hope everyone is good this fine Sunday
GM s !!
That's just how it is. Unfortunate but it's also natural to a degree. Mandated social selection pressures because biology
I want to die
That's very sad to know, but you know we can help them by reaching out for them so for me let's be positive and hoping for a healthy community.
Sad reality fr3n
It's never a good day knowing millions of people are in extreme poverty and are mentally and physically abused each day around the globe
Sogun
So anyways, I just found out my dad is cheating on my mom
Oh why is that so? Haha
wtf ahaha
Hapon deez nuts
what's wrong with hapon
Because I realized that the Tagalog for "Japanese" is "hapon"
I have crippling depression
Off to church 
See you guys later
Am fine 
Where are you chatting from
Doing great p4l, hbu
Happy Sunday p4l
Happy Sunday
Good morning Everyone
Good and yourself?
how r u guys (已编辑)
good noon y'all
Suddenly dawned on me if 4+A, then P$L = PAL' wow
Hows everyone doing
heyyy
We’re also excited to see the first sneak-peak p4L so together let’s build the community first! W4GM1 (已编辑)
I wanna see your masterpiece
I really hope so hahaha
Ohh let's wait and see if your feeling is right 
Ohh let's wait and see if your feeling is right
I have a feeling that this will be the first sneak-peak of the project 
I saw some pieces on twitter yesterday
Noted p4l
You can check here p4L 
🖇│official-links, maybe you can find some in our social media platforms. 
You can check here p4L
🖇│official-links, maybe you can find some in our social media platforms. (已编辑)
I have a feeling that this will be the first sneak-peak of the project (已编辑)
Agreed! I think I am caught up with what has been released and think I know where all that have been released, go (已编辑)
I'm still gathering the pieces tbh hahaha
Missing the rest tho
Got mine filled up
Yeah puzzle looking good!
18 out of 40 are dropped so far p4Ls, keep updated! (已编辑)
Yes, I do not think it has been solved yet.
Keep posted p4l
I think the puzzle is not yet finished
Hey there p4l
What’s new?
Hey and GN everyone
GM p4l
Things are doing great p4L, I guess they’re busy hunting those puzzle pieces
How are things
Yeah up to date now 18
That's funny p4L good thing you fount it! LFG (已编辑)
They drop when I sleep, so I wake up to find them 
They drop when I sleep, so I wake up to find them
17 Is sneeky
oh ok thx
Leetspeek for pal
Maybe didn't scroll ty
i have a question what is p4L
Oh I thought I did check there
Think about the different social media platforms EY3K0N is on (已编辑)
Check the books
I'm trying to find 17
Good luck on hunting p4L
KK
It’s dropped already P4L (已编辑)
18? 
18?
Hey EY3KØNS You can check out our social media accounts maybe you can find puzzle pieces out there Keep hunting! (已编辑)
I'm good. Just enjoying my Saturday.
hey there! Doing great  wbu?
hey there! Doing great wbu?
Not a bad idea :_)
LOL. I know. Will have to in a bit and then get back on.
Close Discord for maximum concentration
I'm good. Just chillin at home and doing computer work and trying to concentrate. LOL
heyoo, good seeing you around here
Its going, how are you?
heck yea   thanks for bringing us along
Hi everyone!
heck yea thanks for bringing us along
Nice to some some TRT peeps in here 
Nice to some some TRT peeps in here
Good! How about yourself?!
I couldn't find any info on the team though
yeaa! I love the website, Really creative and interactive
Did you see the slick website?? Man it's next level
let's get it then! 
let's get it then!
Right now if we get to 1000 users in ~30 hours they were going to award 1k xp to everyone
Not 100% but they do have little mini games that they dish out XP to help you lvl
cool cool cool  I saw there are a lot of requirements. Do we need to reach all of them to be eligible or at least one of them?
cool cool cool

I saw there are a lot of requirements. Do we need to reach all of them to be eligible or at least one of them?
And yes you are correct about the list channel
What's up Gamo!!! Welcome bro
I'm gonna assume that th3 list is a wl spot? or?
HEYOOO
What's happening Apap! You can find it in #deleted-channel
How you doing
Fine how was your day
Good and you?
The th3-l1st!
How are you
Feelings ecstasy
The f4m loves 4ll!
We love you!
Where’s the info for WL?
What’s happening?
So nobody really love me
Need somebody to say they love me
Quick question. Will rarity be a factor with the 10K genesis collection?
Working on tweet currently
Ha! Yeah;) Batman?!
I didn’t know that
Spring babiesthx man
im out
happy bday.
That’s coolit’s my Bday in a couple days too!
surprising him at a restaurant so nothing crazy. just some friends and family
Nice!
chilling. Waiting to go to a friends B day party
Wazzup GS!
been promoting on twitter. Lets gooo! (已编辑)
You’re the bomb Wind!
Hell yea - killing it!
I am trying :-)
Remember guys , we have a comp on right now - if we hit 1,000 members in the next 36 hours  - ALL members will earn +1,000xp - we are dropping our first avatar
All it takes is 1 invite each and were done
Remember guys , we have a comp on right now - if we hit 1,000 members in the next 36 hours 
- ALL members will earn +1,000xp
- we are dropping our first avatar
Alright
don't worry we are currently in the process, for now let's focus on making this community grow  
don't worry we are currently in the process, for now let's focus on making this community grow
But it's part of reasons to get whitelist
no worries we will inform you all as soon as it drops  
no worries we will inform you all as soon as it drops
The project i want to get the pics and change my pfp
we will be dropping some, stay tuned
Sneak peek of what?
Please guys how do I get sneak peek here
Inter Milan finally cut my bet 


Nonsense club
Feed the Goose!
Lets go!!!!
gave your reward thanks for participating
No problem at all
indeed sadly only one entry per person
Sweet deal!
yup 6 slots left
Is this still going on?
Barely awake but I'm present! (已编辑)
We have a wild goose in the house
WOW! Just took a deep dive on the doxxed team members. Quite impressive O.O
We all good?
Wha's happening folks?
18/40
Hi Ryan
I dig it too, thanks Windtalker
LOOKING GREAT
Here is what I have come up with so far.

EY3K0N

Become an EY3K0N today with owning one of the 10K genesis collection. The generative collection is based on 10 unique character types themed in the future/bio cyberpunk with flavors of Moebius inspired artwork with various traits. The EY3K0Ns will have an immersive backstory that will help build the groundbreaking storytelling concept.

0wn1n9 4n 3y3k0n 91v35 y0u 4cc355 70 83 4 p427 0f 4 23v01u710n42y 1n7324c71v3 5702y 73111n9 c0nc3p7 1n 7h3 m374v3253 45 w311 45 2341 w021d u71117y.

Utility:
-Developing a game (more details to come)
-Access to one of a kind merch.
-Airdrops of comics and artist original artwork.

Awesome and amazing! Thanks for those details. Will definitely help.
But as you haven’t seen much a little more info: 10 unique character types with tons of custom traits per character. The 10000 will be generative within that mix. The vibe is definitely futurecyberpunk, also has a moebius feel, very stylized and original. Lots of cryptic, hacker, heist, mystery in the world building and backstory so far and looking forward to building in all that with this community to invent something truly revolutionary
But as you haven’t seen much a little more info:
10 unique character types with tons of custom traits per character. The 10000 will be generative within that mix. The vibe is definitely futurecyberpunk, also has a moebius feel, very stylized and original. Lots of cryptic, hacker, heist, mystery in the world building and backstory so far and looking forward to building in all that with this community to invent something truly revolutionary
With games in the web3 space being pretty hot, are there any details that can be shared? I think it can help get some people in here.
"0wn1n9 4n 3y3k0n 0f 10k 91v35 y0u 4cc355 70 83 4 p427 0f 4 23v01u710n42y 1n7324c71v3 5702y 73111n9 c0nc3p7 1n 7h3 m374v3253 45 w311 45 2341 w021d u71117y." readable? haha
Biocyberpunk sounds S1CK
Use your own words best if it comes from you!
Prepare for take off..
Trying to think of some descriptive words for the collection. biocyberpunk?
Thanks, I am working on one now. Are the initial 10K, generative?
you can try making your own as long as the website and the invite link is attached    
you can try making your own as long as the website and the invite link is attached
I am still waking up here but do we have a good shill template?
The coffee is dripping, getting ready for some invites!
+1000xp up for grabs for  if we can do this. 
right here!!!
Where are the football fans here??
Valencia is leading 1 zero atm
Valencia is spoiling it
Oh cool...
Watching football  Napoli 3 vs udinese 1   Winning is good
Killin it
Watching football 
Napoli 3 vs udinese 1 

Winning is good
Naso
Listening and watching missed video clips on a course I'm studying. You?
You do?
I understand about this project
My bet is going Napoli is now winning
Fine and yours
How are things for your side
How things going
That's the way
My person too welcome guy
What's going on here How things going
We here bro,let lead for others to follow
Ok buddy.
What's going on here
How things going
LoLx my people are all here   Let's move this group   Am seeing     
LoLx my people are all here 

Let's move this group 

Me too. Welcome
Na wetin I dey like be this
Is getting better everyday by day
just you wait haha
Hello guys how things going
Brb, going to invite people in!
Everyone here just needs to bring in one person
1k members in 48 hours, lets go!
Minimum requirements for TH3 L1ST need at least level 15
XP helps your level inside our channel. You can earn it by contribution to this channel - winning challenges, talking about EY3K0N on social media etc.
Good to know
getting bigger each day! 
getting bigger each day!
How is the community doing?
What’s that XP?
I'm new here
I can't get enough of the emojis these are so cool
Soooooo much to share! L3TS GO!!
You guys are all amazing! We hit 500, halfway there let’s grind to 1K together F4M⚡️⚡️
Girl friend
What's gf
I would say I support Barca more back then hahaha
Culers   Vamos Barca  Are you a Barca fan
Oya money man
Barca?
1 GF
Culers 

Vamos Barca

Are you a Barca fan
Yes only Napoli fucking me up rn
What's in for us if we predict correctly
RM 1-3 Barca
that I will do! I love your games lmao
You bet?
Exactly   I believe
Exactly 

I believe
Strong prediction
Barca for the win   Drop your predictions
Barca for the win 

Drop your predictions
Can't wait for El classico tomorrow
Arsenal is winning
No football channel
Keep grinding bro. Be part of the community! Hahah let’s do it
How do you get that level? hahah
I’m ready to be on that level! 
Somewhere in asia haha. You?
Hahaha where are u from?
Hello! I'm doing great. Hby?
Ohh I'm excited!!!
We will just announce that. Stay tuned! 
I’m ready to be on that level!
How are u
We will just announce that. Stay tuned!
when is the next games
Same here!!!
I guess EY3K0Ns will plan some events to boost the lvls
Level 15 may seem high but xp can be earned in so many ways it's actually super achievable. We don't want anyone on TH3 L1ST - fellow EY3K0Ns you are an elite squad part of a totally new concept 
Suppp FAM just hanging out in the voice chat channel… feel free to drop by and say hello
right?? i love them!
These are cool emojis 
These are cool emojis
Level 15 may seem high but xp can be earned in so many ways it's actually super achievable. We don't want anyone on TH3 L1ST - fellow EY3K0Ns you are an elite squad part of a totally new concept
Wazzupppp
Anyone here following F1?
Hello everyone! Haha
you can check #deleted-channel WL people will be given a role but you have to be eligible for whitelisting first so make sure to follow the mechanics. Lets go!
you'll gonna make it!
Wow that's pretty high. Ok, we'll see what we can do 
do we have OG role?
Wow that's pretty high. Ok, we'll see what we can do
It's one of the requirements to be considered for the l1st
Is level 15 a requirement for the list or just one of the ways?
I think they're going to be NFTs
They are lit… make them as NFts
I totally agree!! 
I totally agree!!
Love the new icons
It’s a sunny Saturday here 
HBU?
pals
hiii
Hellooo
lezgooo
very cool
thiss?
cool emoji
Hi, guys
Hiw you doing
I think this community gonna 10x easy! Excited for its growth! Great job from the team
I could see us hitting that 1k so easily⚡️⚡️500x2
Man, so impatient to show off more of the great stuff we’ve been cooking up! This community is amazing, let’s all keep that momentum going and bring more peeps onboard
Hey hey! How’s it going?
GM FAM
Meh, I did.
don't forget to tag us
But then again, Yanni is a master marketer, hes working with a few NFT projects I think and is highly coveted
It wasn't of the caliber of Yannis, but it was decent
I believe so
Have you shared it here?
glad you're here p4l
I made one, I can maybe make another
It definitely help
So if I produce something on Twitter I'll get WL?
We've mentioned this in
📕│faqs - it's kinda easier if we show you

List requirements are up #deleted-channel 

Let's go Our head of creative wants to show off some work
Damn yanni always on the m0n3y it's coming
F1R3
Fr
This project looks great 
Future of NFT 

Let's go guys
Thank you mate
You can check out our website  as well as other channels for announcements. 
Good afternoon bud
Whose gonna tell me what the project is all about
Am fine and you
Howdy y’all
Hello and Welcome. (已编辑)
Hello everyone am new to this project
Good afternoon p4ls
I'm excited to change my pfp soon hahaha
Will keep posted p4l
Just keep your ey3s on
🐦︱tweets as we are doing sneak peeks all the time, p4l!
When will you launch the sneak peaks of this project?
I will p4l
Keep an eye out for more pieces soon!
I hope you drop another image hahahaha
That's fantastic! Continue your search!
Yeah p4l I'm starting to solve the puzzle hahaha
Hey, P4L! We're having a puzzle hunt. Have you gathered the pieces that have been revealed?
As soon as the art is out there, this Discord will start blowing up.
I think there will be an art reveal at 1000 Discord members. Almost half way there.
I use to play apex legends
Hahah
i'm not into building hahahaha
I can’t handle the building hahah
Nice you must be good
fortnite hehehe
Oooo what game do u play
playing game
Alright! What do u usually do during your free time?
I don't know yet hahaha
Same here!! Plans today?
Doing greatt
Helloo
Good morningg
GM! How’s everyone doing??
Oh right, I see you’re already on list p4L. Others really need to wait for the puzzle pieces to be dropped! 
Go Raid! lets get the word out!   
Get a good rest buddy!
Take care!
or day
Go Raid! lets get the word out! 

was about 33 years ago now. So ya. I imagine that it is completely different
Wow that must be some time ago. A lot has changed haha you should come back if you have the chance. You just got to deal with all the rules here haha. Plus with COVID, there are even more rules
I went to singapore once. Was like 3 but i have been there. 
One thing i really miss about my time in the Philippines.
I went to singapore once. Was like 3 but i have been there.
This winter has felt cold. We are starting to warm up though.
It’s always just hot and humid here in Singapore haha
I have never been there before, how’s the weather there?
Eggs and noodles haha
South Carolina.
Nice! What is for breakfast.
New York? Haha
So it’s bring and early here hahah
Oh I’m in singapore!
Im East Coast USA
What side of the world are you on?
just about bed time for me. lol
Whats good fam?
The plot thickens!
14/40  15/40
Okay perfect.
Best way is open a ticket 
Best way is open a ticket
Can I send you a DM, would like to discuss something 
Can I send you a DM, would like to discuss something
Thanks Will feed back
In the realm of NFTs and with different puzzles/ARGs, I would say the difficulty is pretty low. Its just moving really slow. The attention span for people in projects is very short.
Haha. Give it time.  Question for everyone - how are you guys liking this puzzle? Need us to up it a notch with difficulty, or happy?
Haha. Give it time.

Question for everyone - how are you guys liking this puzzle? Need us to up it a notch with difficulty, or happy?
I'm too slow to notice I just try to look for them
I've put the first 11 on my puzzle, got to add 12-15
Awesome job. Nice work. Are you noticing a pattern yet?
15 total
Woop!
I got it!
You can take a look of our
🐦︱tweets maybe you can find it there
Gotta go look for 13 lol
Don’t miss this out p4Ls! Keep posted
14/40 
15/40
Oh right, I see you’re already on list p4L. Others really need to wait for the puzzle pieces to be dropped! (已编辑)
I have WL already, so want to give others the chance with the puzzle!
Yes! As of now, we will wait for the results of the game since the first one to show us the complete puzzle picture will be declared winner. 
Yes! As of now, we will wait for the results of the game since the first one to show us the complete puzzle picture will be declared winner. (已编辑)
Whats up?! Happy to see you here
How tou doing
I guess I can get the ball rolling
Actually, we’re thinking that could be a cool new challenge;) inspired by you!
Hell yea
Nice to see TH3 L1ST requirements. Guess I need to get going on coloring the linework.
Not too bad, yourself?
How's it going?
Hello and welcome!
A lot of people have been asking about WL requirements - details are now up (y)
and i did flip one piece by mistake
Nothing much just chilling
i good then
Red herring
I had to do that yesterday.
Maybe start with the most recent numbers and work backwards
so maybe 12
i have 13 but i thin one i accidently flipped
3 others
found only 2 on twitter as the 3 there are also on here
one insta and one facebook
Twitter/Instagram/FB?
Did you check ALL the socials?
one might be same one flipped
maybe
gto 13
maybe not
so im still short
only found 6 in here
Scroll up in this channel until you find them
Want a hint?
ive checked all teh social
how
huh
Yessir
14?
There are 2*7 currently
i have 7
how many are there so far
not sure what number it is im thinking 9?
What number do you need?
I believe it is elsewhere
the piece found on the video do i need to jstu snip it or is there a cleaner peice somewhere
No problem f4m
Fixed   Thnx for pointing it out!
Fixed Thnx for pointing it out!
Hello and good morning!
Hi again fam
It appears access to that channel is restricted.
📕│faqs
Whats up Buddy!
Evening everyone!
I am following!
14/40 coming !
13/40 is dropped
pieces
stay on the look out on our official links
Gotcha
HMMM STAY TUNED  
HMMM STAY TUNED
Pieces or piece?
LFGGGG
It's up
yooo
What??! Doctor do you got some M3D1CiNE for us!?
Ohh me!!
Me! Cant wait
always ready!
Who's read for some more pieces?
Dedication!
wow youere good
Ohh nice!! You're good! (已编辑)
nice! stay tuned for more
well that's great, keep looking (已编辑)
Still haven't really. I'm enjoying my treasure hunting 
Yeah got 12
Still haven't really. I'm enjoying my treasure hunting
We are currently having a puzzle hunt. hmmm, have you collected and found the revealed pieces?   
We are currently having a puzzle hunt. hmmm, have you collected and found the revealed pieces? (已编辑)
How are guys doing?
What's up. How's the project holding up
Hey wazzup
eyyy
SG! Where are you from?
Did you guys find all those first 12 pieces revealed already? (已编辑)
Yeah very fun!
Haha thanks for this! I was scrolling the entire chat looking for the pieces hahah
You can use
🖇│official-links to start hunting
12/40 pcs are revealed so far, more later as well
Check
💥┃announcements as we currently have a puzzle treasure hunt for some of our artwork
Gm guys New member here
Gm guys
New member here
Morning!!
Match made in heaven
G D guys!
I seriously can't wait for this! As soon as people see the art, things are gonna blow up!
Yeah! He could be interested. He's into anime and, obviously, the entertainment biz.
Ha! Maybe we should g3t him on board 
Go for it!
Hell yea! We got sooooooooooo much more to give RN - artwork first unlock is at 1,000 discord members so gotta get this pumping!
You guys are gunna love the radio station
Ha! Maybe we should g3t him on board
GM!!
We still have a few members, we should better share this amazing community to other people
Guess everything's well p4l
Busy?
Where is everyone?
Hello athena
How's the community going?
Good afternoon everyone
This sound will be lit for sure
Thanks man, you too. A hike sounds good, me and my girlfriend tend to start our weekends with a walk around difference places
Must be quite breezy or cold? Where I’m from, probably no houses around lakes haha
Wow, well make the most of it!
Yeah, it's really beautiful!
Wow that’s awesome! The scenery must be 
Weekends will be spent chilling and probably some shopping haha
Well going to meet my girlfriend later for dinner, haven’t seen her in almost 10 days due to covid
Wow that’s awesome! The scenery must be
Have you got any plans?
My girlfriend and I are staying by a lake so we'll do a short hike tomorrow and relax as much as possible.
Oh nice! That’s aw3some! I still have about 3hours to go before I finish work. Looking forward to the weekends….any plans coming for u?
Heyyy, FR3N! I'm doing good, just about to finish work for the day and then it's the weekend already in my part of the world.
Hey guys! How’s everyone doing?
Heck, maybe we get Jaden there live?
I'm imagining this popping off at the EY3K0N launch party!
If you're new here, check out this track.
Morning man!
Morning everyone!
will do
Stay tuned p4L and explore our 
🐦︱tweets channel
Stay tuned p4L and explore our
🐦︱tweets channel
What's up for today
Okay pal
Not yet p4L. Let's just first focus on collecting the pieces for us to solve the puzzle 
Not yet p4L. Let's just first focus on collecting the pieces for us to solve the puzzle
H3llo p4l
Is there a game today? Except for the puzzle one
Same here
Just finishing up a work project for the day
Not much, yourself?
12th puzzle piece was dropped Way to go (已编辑)
FB
 you might notice something new...  
How hard of a riddle do you want?
Any more riddles for me to solve?
What’s good!
Yes! Trees!!!
Got 12
I think they are trees
I am curious if on the image the tree looking shapes are trees or is it fire? O.O
Missed you FAM
What’s upppp
How pcs have you got now?
4LR1GHT 
Pump3d
Legendary! We're getting so excited to reveal everything
I will get working on it
4LR1GHT
Love this wind. If you do, please share
Gd! And you ??
Not a bad idea at all
You should! Maybe that an awesome idea for another challenge Wind!
Wow that art looks amazing. I kind of want to download it and color it in myself. A nice little adult coloring page
Y0 Y0 Y000
H3LL0 FR3NS!
Have you all seen the sneak peak of what's cooking behind the scenes?
GG
foudn it
NICE JOB. 
🖇│official-links you might notice something new... (已编辑)
Gotcha thanks! Up to twelve now 
Hi guys! Excited to be here!
nice one! keep it up P4L!
Gotcha thanks! Up to twelve now
oh I see the anyone can claim the pieces, the first one to show us the complete puzzle picture will be declared winner
Nah, the piece that was hidden on Twitter.
that challenge you mean?
Has someone already claimed? I just retweeted it but was not the first
Posted 27 mins ago
I wonder if anyone has found the next piece
same!!! i love puzzle type games
wazzaahhhhh
stay tuned, we will dropping pieces soon
can't wait to see the completed puzzle
Thanks for this! Can't wait
thank you!! looking forward
As of now, let's wait and s3e. We'll keep you posted. 
pleasure is mine, p4l
Thanks mia
Gave you 500 xp already. Congrats of being the 
As of now, let's wait and s3e. We'll keep you posted.
are there any upcoming events?
anytime!
Thanks for the info!!
Check out 
💥┃announcements for the instruction and you'll see the first 3 pieces dropped in there. Some are here and others were in our different social media sites!  
Check out
💥┃announcements for the instruction and you'll see the first 3 pieces dropped in there. Some are here and others were in our different social media sites! (已编辑)
That sounds fun! How do we collect them tho
Not yet, p4l. Let's just first focus on collecting the snippets/pieces for us to solve the puzzle 
Gave you 500 xp already. Congrats of being the
hey P4L$
Not yet, p4l. Let's just first focus on collecting the snippets/pieces for us to solve the puzzle
Oh there's a game rn?
Doing great as well
Are there games today?
I'm good, u?
Hello!!! How's your day?
Good day!!!
Congrats!
Hahaha, spe3d
Mia  turns out I was the first
Mia turns out I was the first
Me too, cannot wait to see what the outcome will be 
Me too, cannot wait to see what the outcome will be (已编辑)
Can't wait to see the full thing!
Yeah and it's starting to look like an image atm
It's fun indeed. Doing puzzles are so satisfying to do.
This is such a fun idea enjoying it
I read announcement as it was around lol
Oh ok!
Let's wait and se3  (已编辑)
Let's wait and se3 (已编辑)
But where is 12 omg lol
Oh I was 5th to retweet lol
L ks like someone has found 11/40
Hello! How are you!
Hi fr3ns
hi fam
Ch3ck #deleted-channel everyone
11/40 now hahah
More clues
ohh i see (已编辑)
Here's the other one
You can start with the
💥┃announcements
where is it?
And solve the puzzle
You need to gather images
yah
They're having a game bud
what puzzle
Have you guys solved the puzzle already?
Hopefully soon bc my picture's looked a quarter done
GM - More to come!
Who's next?
I need more :((((
that’s hilarious! never thought of that
No offense
Whisper with wings
Usedby girls
Is it napkin
Tsetse fly?
Can you give us a clue?
Haha oh no
That's hard
No haha
Is it a vampire?
How are you guys? Can I join wt you playing?
Shiex answer my riddle
Not animal, insect and human
but it is an insect right
I give you chance
oh hahaha
Noo haha
its mosquito
bloodsucking insect?
It's not an animal nor human, but it suck blood and had wings
For easy round
greatt
Do you guys like riddle game?
I forgott
Hey bro what level you are now?
all good. (已编辑)
what is it
how about youu?
doing greatt
Let's have some fun(game)
Oh yeah! I'll be taking note of that
Let’s stay tune for that. 
Let’s stay tune for that.
Anymore announcements coming our way?
absolutely! I’m excited for more sneak peaks!
The creators are doing an awesome job 
The creators are doing an awesome job
I've seen little sneak peaks and all I can say is wow!
We’re working on more updates of the project. (已编辑)
Hello keina, long time no talk. How's the project
Hey! What’s up?
Hello inkaterra!
Hi, m4t3s! Check out our new instagram and twitter updates in the
🐦︱tweets (已编辑)
I agree, p4l!  (已编辑)
I agree, p4l! (已编辑)
hi all! website is great!
Good to know, m4t3. Good luck!
I found #8, thanks!
Maybe you missed one, m4t3. You can do it!
Got it!
Hmm... maybe I am missing one but hmm
Yes, m4t3! That's #10
Unless you include the main image with the 40 squares but that would total 39 
Unless you include the main image with the 40 squares but that would total 39
This is #10? I only count 9 O.O
That’s good to hear! I’m excited for you guys (已编辑)
I have been collecting.
Everyone’s looking forward for the new pieces p4L  
Everyone’s looking forward for the new pieces p4L (已编辑)
What’s good. Pre bed check in.
Good Morning All
For those who haven’t seen our new instagram and twitter update check this out in the
🐦︱tweets P4Ls (已编辑)
Same here! TGIF is coming…..
sup all
Wishing it was Friday hahah
Good haha on the way to work now
Hey morning my man! Hows it going
Morning buddy!
GM p4Ls 
You can do it p4L For the WL spot fightinggg!
The puzzle game was a bit difficult hahahha
Keep gather the puzzle pieces M4T3s Stay tuned. W4GM1
Scratch that 6
Congrats p4L! I already gave you your reward (已编辑)
Congrats bud
Nice lv3 
It's okay bud hahaha
Nice lv3
Greaat 
Oh I see, sorry for that p4L
Oh I already answered this one bud
Greaat
Im like slowly gathering the puzzle pieces lol
Wow nice to know! You can send your answer here  
GM p4Ls
Is there a game today?
We getting there! GM everyone
Wow nice to know! You can send your answer here (已编辑)
Gm guys
Nice. Got it. Open a ticket?
30 more to go!
I had to install boot camp for work so I would stop swiping over to my NFT browser.
Thanks for the convos!
NFTs are such a distraction.
TRY get some work done
Anyway, welcome! Cool to have you here. I've gotta get some work done, but catch you later.
L. F. Go!!!
I hope.
For me.
EY3K0N will be an exception.
You could get rugged. But if the project sold out in less the. 2 days you were making money
I'm actually more into 1/1 fine art, but try to use projects to make some profits.
Yeah, that's true. It was nuts!
All the nfts were mooning then.
No big moons yet
My growth has been MUCH slower than that.
Wow, that's a great way to get started!!!
Sold him for .6 last month though.
Grabbed 1 off mint and 2nd off the floor for .5 sold both for about 3 each and picked up another for 3.99. And that launched my collection. Lol.
My first mint was SSS.
0n1 was my first mint.
No grinding needed, I don't think. You're so early, so just stick around and be cool.
Facts
Haha!
I haven’t ground for a WL since 0n1 and I think these guys might have me. 
I mean all the potential and capability is there. It's all gonna come down to marketing and execution, I think?
I haven’t ground for a WL since 0n1 and I think these guys might have me.
It’s going to be lit.
That's the main reason I'm so hyped.
Yeah, you're totally right! But I just haven't seen a team this stacked before.
They also have creators of Guardians of the Galaxy and the original GTA game.
We are really just buying into a startup
It's on the website. But to give you some highlights, the team is made up of people who've worked for Marvel, DC, Disney, Xbox Studios, Riot Games, Nike and a whole lot more.
Just some of my observations
Not knocking anything or this project at all.
Didn’t find it yet
I think they've proven they can execute in the real world.
Have you looked at the credentials of the team?
Ok, I guess roadmaps can't make too specific promises this early. But I feel like this one's not that standard.
True utility of a token isn’t really known until after the launch and you sees what the devs can do in the real world. imo DYOR.
I gave it a look. Fairly standard.
The art is amazing, but it's just the start. Have you checked out the roadmap?
I’m definitely going to have to put a bag together for this one. Lol
Yea it is really high end
The art on this project is going to be insane
Deleted User
在此频道标注了
一条消息
。查看所有
已标注消息
。
2022/03/17
Nice. Yeah, really good. My girlfriend and I started My Hero Academia last night. We really like it so far!
10/40
Indeed it is Stay tuned for some pieces to be revealed
Holy! Sneak peeks so 
Holy! Sneak peeks so
Hey! Was talking about a few more puzzle pieces how you been!
Hello EY3KØNs! Don’t miss our ongoing game. Feel free to answer it, first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly W4GM1 
Check this out:

Like something new, or related to the puzzle?
#9!!! I wonder where it goeslooks like Twitter give a hint for 4 pieces
I'm everywhere
🐦︱tweets
What's gonna drop?
Doctor!
Feels like something might drop soon??!!
H3Y Everyone!
hey there, what's up?
Hola everyone wassup?
L00k1ng F0rw4rd t0 th4t
Hmm new riddles like this
sadly only one entry per person, stay tuned for updates!
Like I can try it again   Or where will be some new one 
Like I can try it again Or where will be some new one
Anyone needs some help with it let me know
reminding everyone about the Unscramble game   7 SLOTS left  until the game will close check the game out in this message link: 
good morning!
Good morning Ey3K0N familia
how is everyone doing
Morning everyone
Well maybe one day when I make it again to visit prague maybe with some EY3K0N nft
Excited about the launch
Hey Man! Hows it going!
hello inkaterra!
Ahh...this is what you mean
Ahh old town square in Prague or Prague Castle. Love that place at night
Hello, EV3RY0NE. Just reminding you guys about the new WL challenge. Go check out in
💥┃announcements 
Make SUR3 to gather all the pieces . LFG
Old town? Hmm what?
Maybe you can take a similar one in old town
Yeah looking forward to summer
Ok this looks nice
Awesome!
thats great news! def keeping both eyes open on this project with my friends, we love it hahaha
I feel your pain!
We have some great plans for our early supporters
Oh yes! I should def do it when I’m around the area
Can’t wait to be mindblown! Hope to get WL that would be double mind blowing
Thanks man - once we show the artwork you will be like 
You should take one in front of the merlion! That would be coool!
Thanks man - once we show the artwork you will be like
That looks awesome
Yep im actually looking to get the next pic in my EY3K0N series too…i think i’ll do this in front of the freedom tower next
Yeah! Loving the potential of this project
Oh that’s nice! Enjoy the catch up must be long awaited
Ouch! I love Czech republic too! I’ve been a few times with friends to Prague
Depends if the annoying wind is blowing
Pants and tshirt is enough for about 20 minutes outside
Yeh man and i had no jacket either!
Also around 10°C now
Czech republic
And also intro EY3K0N to a few of the peeps there too…I’ve literally been showing people everywhere i go
That's not that cold...
Have a couple of friends there, i used to live there so want to see them
You going New York to see family or….?
the spices are next level
awesome, indian food is really popular here too
if you ever come by, can always HMU
But the roof too bars are also amazing
I love the indian food in London! So many good options
Ok im sold!!
Whats good in london?
no cap
basically the noodles are soaked in with the broth so its amazing, x10000 better than chilli crab
Oo tell me more haha
Well there is something call Crab Bee Hoon, basically seafood broth with noodles and crabs
Need me some chilli crab haha
awesome, there is so much more food to explore! def need to come back again to enjoy the food
Ahh i used to go to Makansutra in sing all the time! Used to order the stingray 
Like 10 degrees c atm
Ahh i used to go to Makansutra in sing all the time! Used to order the stingray
Well its always sunny in singapore
Cold? What temperature is there?
Went to see family
Its cold there! Right now
Y3S (已编辑)
Hahaha. Th4t's right but it's CØØL, isn't it? 
always wanted to watch football live
awesome, well i cant wait to travel to UK
Watch any EPL?
I love singapore
Oh nice!
Originally london
wbu?
Singapore
New York New York
So have lost track of what is night and what is day lol
Ohhh nice, never been to the States
Im actually flying atm en route to New York
Nice, morning or night for u?
Still awake here 
Still awake here
Good evening everyone! Who just woke up?
Im good glad your good :)
Hahaha. Th4t's right but it's CØØL, isn't it? (已编辑)
Ok this is pretty different from regular chatting
N1c3 gl4d t0 h34r th4t
I'm doin' gØØd
Wh4t 4b0ut yu0?
Doing 4lr1ght p4l (已编辑)
hmm how you doin, p4l?
Half life reference
GM, rise and shine! 
GM, rise and shine!
yaaas lfg 
yaaas lfg
Love it
Indeed. Looking forward for the other pieces to be revealed 
Hello Everyone!!!
Indeed. Looking forward for the other pieces to be revealed
The announcement is like a bingo. Love these challenges
What's up guys
I'm doing good. What about you?
pleasure is mine
Sure, that's okay. Whatever makes you comfortable (已编辑)
What's up everyone
Check out
💥┃announcements there's a challenge for a WL spot in there
There is nothing oh #deleted-channel
That's right. You have to stay alert always for anytime snippets will be dropped
Super cool challenge!
Hello, EV3RYØNE. Just reminding y'all about the new WL challenge.  Go check out in 
     Make SUR3 to gather all the pieces 
nothing much here
Make sure to gather all the pieces
Waiting for the WL
Hey there, what's up?
Hey! Welcome
Hlo
Awesome! How r U?
Mimiaah
在此频道标注了
一条消息
。查看所有
已标注消息
。
2022/03/16
Hello, EV3RYØNE. Just reminding y'all about the new WL challenge. Go check out in
💥┃announcements
Make SUR3 to gather all the pieces
I'm a night owl too
I’m such a night owl
yay, you got it right.
hehehe
Hi all been a few days since i messaged how is everyone:)
Hey man, mostly acoustic covers of songs hahah
What music you listen to
You should. Good night p4l. Have a good SL33P
Night buddy!
GN, EY3K0NS
Speaking of not sleeping, I'm gonna not do that any longer and get some sleep.
Woah that’s really late
I’m good! Haha just enjoying the evening and listening to some music haha
Ooofff... why's that? Night shift or...?
Well its 3:39am, so literally not sleeping
Hey, FR3N. What's going down in the City that Never Sleeps?
P33P5
How you doing peeps
Fantastic, how you doing
Hello hello!:)
Hey, we have an ongoing game. Feel free to answer it and win a reward. Check this out:

wish I could just give this coffee to you right away.
You guys been putting the pieces together? Hows that sneak peak looking so far?
Gm frens
It doesn't get much more OG than this, FR3N.
Busy day ahead for me but ready to go
GM fam
thx bud
Hey mate. We will be revealing the artworks soon. For now, you can check 
 channel.
helloooo
Hey mate. We will be revealing the artworks soon. For now, you can check
💥┃announcements channel.
wen sneak peek? (已编辑)
yo sup
you're early mate. For now, we're still building the community. Stay tune for more info about WL. (已编辑)
are we OGs?
8/40
GM f4m
Killer website guys, project looks cool.
I think it’s still TBA
how do get og
Hows it goin yall
Morning Guys!
W4GM1 MY GUYS
I like where the art is heading!
yo. We early!
Yes, S1R.
Gm fammm
hellooo
How long before GIFing becomes an official sport?
Yo! Good to see you in here, bro. Ever been this early before?
You got it right, P4L! great!
By the looks of things it's T34M M4RS?
Hello there! We have an ongoing game and feel free to participate on it. Check this out and let us know your answer  
One of those pumps would come in handy about now.
That's a goodie.
Damn, you've got a gif for everything, huh?
People be sl33ping.
Yeah, I'm pumped.
cool
I saw, it was really col
Hey, P4L. See the art sneak peek?
sup P4L5
Yeah, I can't wait to see some full reveals.
yep same love it also. I expected a lot, Because as I saw the website I knew the art reveal would be awesome.
What do you think?
Amazing! Comic books vibes. Has a slightly retro look. I love it so far.
yo. any opinions about the reveal that happened earlier?
Good! Just reached office, still gotta grind
Doing great p4L, you?
Hahaha nice! How r u doing
Just somewhere in Asia p4L 
Just somewhere in Asia p4L
Same p4L, which part of Asia?
I’m from Asia p4L, how about you?
Where are you guys from?
Hey P4L
Guess u can try canva
Does anyone know a good app to layer these images on each other thats free lol
You can check some in the
💥┃announcements channel p4l. (已编辑)
Gd night fam
It's like a puzzle. You've got to get all the pieces as they are released and create the full picture.
Where do you see it at ?
These art teasers are incredible, F4M! 
I don’t understand what we are suppose to do for the game lol
evening
Going to be talking more about that soon!
Can you say who specifically is working on the art?.. Or is that info coming in time?
These art teasers are incredible, F4M!
L4T3R BUD!
GN Fam!! See yall tomorrow for more
Hell yea - can't wait to drop more
This character has so many sick traits
Ey3 catching
Noice!
Oh shit!! 4 more
Give it to us Doctor!!!
So many sneak peeks to come!!
Yes, bring them on!
Where sneeak peek?!
Ready for the pieces?
Oh, it will be fun to put all those pieces together
Yea! I'm now curious who' can complete the puzzle of 
I can hardly contain myself waiting for some sneak peeks!
Yo! I think a few more puzzle pieces are about to get dropped?!?!
Gm Gm p4ls and FR3Ns
Yeah! Man, I’ve been watching One Piece for years, and it’s up to episode 1013?!
Love being early! Let’s go fam
Thanks. I think there are 100+ episodes of My Hero Academia, so might take a while!
Yeah, if you need any more like I said, it's an addiction! 
I highly recommend checking out the team/roadmap on the website, too.
Yeah, if you need any more like I said, it's an addiction!
Love the drive mate, LFG!
What's got you HYP3D on this project?
You're early, FR3N.
Yeah, I watched the trailer and it looks really fun! But all of your recommendations look legit tbh.
Cool, enjoy your downtime.
This anime is so lit
You’ll love My Hero, super fun premise, basically everyone in the world is born with a super power
Nice;) hope you have a good one! I’m actually winding my day down as it’s late where I am, about to go into robot mode
Btw, I think we're gonna check out My Hero Academia. Looks like fun!
What are you working on today?
Yo, Jesse! It's going good, thanks. About to start cracking into my work for the day.
Yanni! How’s it going bud
This is real community building in action
Not just people who pop in to tick a box and claim a WL.
WL should reward those who are legit invested in and hyped on the project.
It'll be worth it.
Yep they are sure making us work for it 
Omg those tiny puzzle piece art sneak peeks are SO GOOD!
Hey guys 
Happy to join you
that's great mate, we're glad to have you here
Hello team!! just discovered this one and I gotta say it looks really good. I'll hang around
W0RK or PL4Y?
Yep they are sure making us work for it
I need that WL
Hey C4V, nice to see ya!
I sure more pieces will be dropped soon
dopeeeee
challenge alert! check out in 
💥┃announcements   
sneak peeks look really nice
got 3/40
lots of pieces to that puzzle
You know what they say, slow and steady wins the race
I'm too slow for this challenge lol
Thx mate!
Nice to see you here buddy!
NEW TWEET ALERT! check it out in our
🐦︱tweetslike and retweet
challenge alert! check out in
💥┃announcements
how are we all
Evening everyone
No matter what nft project I buy into, it drops after lol. I don’t get it lol
Hope so man. I’m literally trying to make it
stay tuned for the announcement, maybe you'll get it, WAGMI!!
Damn ok. I work a lot. So trying to get WL is hard for me 
Damn ok. I work a lot. So trying to get WL is hard for me
yeah it was already taken, but don't worry there will be a new challenge for a WL spot, to be announced.
So did the WL spot for invites get filled already I take it ?  
Thanks man
thanks glad you're here man!
Nice man!!!! Seen someone mention this project on Twitter, so decided to check it out
Sounds great
our big vision is to explore a whole new sub-genre of entertainment, an interactive experience that pours onto the big screen.
So what is this even about ?
I’m wrapping up a few more 0mn1s for reference
I still need to learn how to write in our new tongue
That’s amazing to hear Jess
S0M3TH1NG D1FF3RENT
I think there’ll be another cool WL challenge dropping today
Hey! Hope everyone’s good today
Yeah right!! LFG!!!
Yeah. Let's just keep this community growing 
Yeah. Let's just keep this community growing
Well hopefully I get WL. I need it 
Ohhh I'm excited! Looking forward!
That's so cool!! I'm going to make one myself
can't wait
Well hopefully I get WL. I need it
to be announced, stay tuned 
to be announced, stay tuned
yep. didn't have time for coffee shops so I made myself some
How do I become WL?
Howdy y’all I’m new here
this nft will be on ETH network (已编辑)
What network is this nft on?
That's great. I hope more members will participate
That's right.
You made it?
Woah already?
Indeed. Few slots left (已编辑)
oh wow slots are filling in fast
Yes and we've given your reward already. We are catering 50 winners and now we still have 9 slots left.  
Yes and we've given your reward already. We are catering 50 winners and now we still have 9 slots left. (已编辑)
Heyy
i already answer team mars
Sup P4LS
Same here! I'm having some iced coffee rn
I'm doing great!! Kinda busy lately. Now I'm sipping with my coffee while listening to some songs.
Hey hey
Yo yo
what's up
aye mates
Correct!!!
team mars?
The game is still open. We still have 10 slots so feel free to answer it.
team mars
Wow! How generous haha (已编辑)
is the riddle still goin on?
Great!
That's right! Congratulations.   Will be giving your reward in a bit
That's right! Congratulations. Will be giving your reward in a bit
Oh I hope so!
Maybe being in a higher rank will give you an advantage... 
Team mars? Haha
No, you can just send it here 
No, you can just send it here
Do we need to pm the answer?
Hello to the new comers, welcome! We have an ongoing game and feel free to participate on it. Check this out and let us know your answer   
sup bud
I saw this project and think its really promising
Alright peeps how's it hanging
THANKS!:)
hey guys welcomee
Hey man! Glad you joined my GGGGG
you got it right!
Hello everyone! How is everyone doing!
hello fam !
Maybe being in a higher rank will give you an advantage...
What happens at level 3? 
Nice!!
first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly 
What happens at level 3?
first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly
Meat arms
Smear mat
Thank you. Yeah I was trying to figure it out. Made me chuckle
You got it right also! Will give your reward too.
MEAT ARMS
Oh thanks!! What is the reward? Hahaha
Omg I want to share my answers
That's right! Will give your reward right away. Congrats!
You can send it here 
You can send it here
Where do I input my answer?
check this out and let us know your answer 
okay bud, take your time
Thanks!! Will def check this out
hey bud, you can check the 
🖇│official-links to know more about this project
Ok! How do I join the game
Hey there.  Seems like you're new here. You can check this link  to see what this project looks like. Also, we have an ongoing game, do you wanna join? 
hey bud, you can check the
🖇│official-links to know more about this project
welcome bud, you can also invite your friends here (已编辑)
Thank you. New here 
Also, we have an ongoing game, do you wanna join? (已编辑)
my childhood
Hi all! What’s up in this space??
Gm just joined
Thank you. New here
no
you knew also about him
brb y'all
yah hahaha
Welcomee
hey there bud
it was hilarious hahaha
hahaha I saw a noon time show about this asking stranger with phrase hahaha
is this some phrase from filthy frank AHAHHA
HAHAHAH
don't mind it bud ahahaha
how about ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo
I saw that
FFS HAHAHHAHAAHAHAHHA
yah HAHAH
don't (已编辑)
Probably japan
i don't know where am I
Shhh no one knows about it hahahaa
Hahahahahaha this R21 content gotta stop 
Yeah hahaha wbu?
Hahahahahaha this R21 content gotta stop
singapore?
I think there's a new content HAHAHA
SG
NOT SUBSCRIBER just a fan of hers.
where are you from?
I think you're a subscriber of eimi hahaha
No clue, it got banned in my country
HAHAHA
HAHAHHA
Eimi fukuda
what its her new content?
As of now we're still building the community. WL is still TBA. Please stay tuned. (已编辑)
OG's? 
who?
Big fan of her 
waw same
Big fan of her
to where
you a fan?
why
hi guys
I tired of waiting for their comeback tbh hahhaa
lfg hahahaa
lisoo leggooo
I'm a fan of Lisa btw haahaha (已编辑)
Hello there bud, welcome.
Hello I just. joined
donee, i already followed themm
hey there
don't forget to follow EY3KON's social media accounts guys
Thanks Mia! Will give it a look!
You can check 
🖇│official-links channel and take a look with the website!
You can check
🖇│official-links channel and take a look with the website!
ohh that's greatt
NASIE!!!
OG's?
great project
absoluteely
Thank you!
Welcome to the community pals! 
HAHAHAHAHHAA Sup all! Anyone here can tell me more about this space? Looks super good
Welcome to the community pals!
same here hahaha
are you a fan of jisoo?
if you know you know, who brought us here 
But we need to invite 10 and i dont have 10 friends here lol
Hahaahhaha true
Hey fam
somebody just shilled it and we instantly slam the door like an ape kekw
Who else here because of harley? ahahaha
if you know you know, who brought us here
What's up everyone? Welcome  (已编辑)
What's up everyone? Welcome (已编辑)
How's it going guys?
Hello bud
oh okay hahaha damn I didn't noticed the announcement I just liked and retweeted the post hahha
knock knock!!
Supp
He actually invited 11. Legend indeed
my pleasure FR3N! happy to be part of this together
As stated in the WL Challenge, it's just the FIRST person who followed all the steps will be guaranteed with a WL spot.
Congrats bud!!!
Thanks for helping to build this community, FR3N!
10 invites!? What a L3G3ND!
He was the first person to follow the steps on how to get a WL spot that is stated in the 
  channel.
oh I already liked at rt the post yesterday I guess
can we still catch up with that?
ohh okay
He was the first person to follow the steps on how to get a WL spot that is stated in the
💥┃announcements channel.
Oh okay. I thought yo didn't. That's good
ohh I already answered that one hahaha
Feel free to answer it
that's amazing! Glad to have you as the first person to secure the spot.
Cool there's a whitelisted member already?
what's the mechanics? (已编辑)
I didn't know this
There's still an ongoing game. Did you guys joined already? 
donee
Thanks, Mia. My WL spot was announced earlier. So thankful!
I wasn't able to say this but yes, congratulations  &  for securing a WL spot.    WAGMI 
There's still an ongoing game. Did you guys joined already? (已编辑)
samee
games
yahh
nothing much, how about you?
any games for today?
hello wazzupp
likewise to you! 
hey there! what's up?
likewise to you!
how's it going?
hello there bud
hello owshii
how about yours?
It was great
Good evening. How's your day?
Good evening fam
Good to have you here.
I made it FR3N! right next to you 
I made it FR3N! right next to you
Hey, FR3N!
My pleasure 
My pleasure
Oh yes, will do, thanks for reminding!
Nice! Don't forget to open your support ticket and send us the proof.
I think I did, see my name and retweet   also 
I think I did, see my name and retweet also
Wow that's great!  Just make sure to follow the steps stated at 
 channel
Wow that's great! Just make sure to follow the steps stated at
💥┃announcements channel
also might have invited 11 people 
I am
Then I believe you're ready for the day 
Then I believe you're ready for the day
Yes 
also might have invited 11 people
GM to you. Have you eaten your breakfast?
F0LK5
cool! 7 more invites to go!
check out
💥┃announcements channel to get that WL spot! For your reward, already gave the advanced levels! (已编辑)
awesome!
that was easy, right? Congratulations!
drop it here mate!
hello mate!
feel free to check out
💥┃announcements channel, mate! Way to get WL!
Here's the game mate! You can drop your answers here!
What's up L3G3ND5? I just wanna take a moment to congratulate each and every one of you for being EARLY!
cool! Have you checked out our game? (已编辑)
Hi there! what's up?
Hello! How are you?
hih
you too mate. I hope you will feel better soon.
Not yet, stay healthy guys
I'm used to tropical climates. If I would go to places like yours I would be freezing.
Yup very cold but I'm used to it
oh, have you taken medicine? or something? We're all good mate.
that must be really cold.
Still not feeling well. How about you guys?
Always*
Yup ways minus degrees here
oh, I see. So you used to have cold weather?
I agree on you though sun does rarely show up where I'm from
good to hear that. It's not raining yet but sun doesn't show up these days. (已编辑)
Better stay home then. Weather is unpredictable
No no, I got home safe yesterday. Oh still rainy in your place?
still stuck at your friend's house? 
I'm thinking of going out but it's about to rain here
Hello, nothing much. Same shitty cold weather
Hey mate! what's up!
Thx thx
that’s nice idea pal!
Will make some template where I get home, on computer it will be easier
Yeah yeah , I've checked  it
you can do it pal!
Will try my best
definitely!
That wl sounds nice 
But shilling can maybe make that invites
That wl sounds nice
Good to know Pal
Yeah yeah , I've checked it
we’re doing great mate! how bout you?
Hey mate! Have you checked our
💥┃announcements channel? Check it out to get that WL spot!
Virtual
Bomb
Fist Momb
Hello Gel
Any updates?
Heyyyyy Wazzzupppp Buddies
Same here mate! So excited to see what this project has in store!
Only 3,5 lvl to go
Yes going for that lvl 10
We are building a great upcoming project,team and the community
I’m so excited for this project
Where are you from?
Yeah right. It helps you ranked up!
Yes! To the mars
We are building this community… and gonna break all the records in the Nft space
That escalated quickly
Lvl 6 now
Nice glad to hear that. Doing alright
How are you doing?
I’ve a question will the early members get any benefits
That clue about planet helped, thanks mate
hello there!  doing great. how about you?
cool! you got it right!
Team mars 
Hello chattar
Team mars
hello there! doing great. how about you?
you can drop your answer here
How are you doing today
Where I can guess (已编辑)
you can do it mate!
That helped a lot
Ok I probably know
hmm the second word might be a planet.
Any hints to unscramble?
Checkout the
💥┃announcements channel to get WL!
Hmm
yeah. you have to unscramble the words mate.
you can check out
💥┃announcements channel mate. you could get that WL spot!
Like guessing what it is?
do we get OG?
hey
or is it people who add in 10 people
Hmmm
Doing great, just wondering but do people who hit level 10 get a WL spot?
Hey we're doing good mate. how about you?
How is everyone doing
here's the game mate. check this out!
Game? Huh? (已编辑)
yay! You can rank up when you participate in our game. Have you checked it out?
Nice lvl 2
Woke up and sitting at school waiting for the lesson
going alright! It's still day time in my place. how about you mate?
Hello! How is it going? Still no sleep for you?
good morning mate!
yeah.. almost bought a bike yesterday. (已编辑)
Yeah that's how energy supply affects everything,
not much. As I don't usually watch the news on tv.  all I know is gas prices are rising everyday.
not much. As I don't usually watch the news on tv. all I know is gas prices are rising everyday.
Does anyone know about current news between Ukraine and Russia?
that's alright mate! Keep going
Btw I was trying to remember all my riddles way back 5-8 years ago lol
Everyday, new challenges
well, tomorrow would def be better than today.
Just like what I thought yesterday, that tomorrow might be better haha
Good day mate! How are you?
Good dayy
have you also checked our 
💥┃announcements channel? We announced a new challenge to get WL! 
Good day everyone
cool!
Yess donee
have you also checked our
💥┃announcements channel? We announced a new challenge to get WL! (已编辑)
Yayy
I just gave your reward
Thanksss
yaay! got that right! congratulations mate!
Yeyy
you can drop your answer here mate.
Ohh
Here's the game
When?
Woahhh
Naysss. Are you doing great?
I'm doin' great, m4t3!
I'm finee
Hello, m4t3! How are you?
Hello guyss
very well said pal!
I agree! Let's all be EY3K0NIC!
Why be Normal when you could be EY3KONIC?
Doin' great, p4l! (已编辑)
all good pal
Hey, p4l! How's it going?
hey fam!
Yes! We'll make sure! (已编辑)
Yeah, I'm confident it will be, too.
Yes, I agree!  This community is gonna be great!
Yes, I agree! This community is gonna be great!
Hopefully, we can keep the good vibes going even when this Discord explodes.
It allows time for the community to establish organically.
Yanni and me
I think slow, steady growth is a good thing.
Yes!  Thank you so much for helping us grow guys! W4GM1 
Yes! Thank you so much for helping us grow guys! W4GM1
This new language is EY3KONIC
Haha I like that our language is catching on already  
Discord is growing nicely! Good to see.
We're doing great, m4t3!
how about youuu?
Great that’s good to hear! 
Glad that you have a lot of ideas 8R0! We’ll be glad to hear it, you can send them in the
📨│suggestions channel (已编辑)
If you want ideas, I have a ton. I used to be a business analyst. The key is to get to know the project better and to see the vision they are trying to accomplish
Wow amazing ideas M4T3s  Keep your ideas coming for sure the team will be considering the ideas you have  
Great that’s good to hear!
Wow amazing ideas M4T3s Keep your ideas coming for sure the team will be considering the ideas you have (已编辑)
i'm good
how's everyone?
Hello, how are youu?
C0LL3CT1V3?
You should tell people a bit about CLCTV. I've checked it out, it's dope.
Oooh M4T3 is a good one
You're on a roll, M4T3!
BR0TH3R
Sup, 8R0
Ooohhh that one's pretty tricky!
8R0?
LEG3ND
DUD3
CH4MP
Yeah, for sure! What other combinations could there be?
This could be for this one
Evey project has their own lingo
Fr3ns and P4L are awesome, yeah man
What are you up to, FR3N?
I might've started something here!
Hello fr3n, sup?
Hi Fr3Ns
You got it right p4l
Hi Fr3ns
hey p4l, what’s up?
Hey!
Hello p4l
Sure man there will be other things coming, I just drop the website to my frens and the invite link and ask them to take a look for themselves…if no interest then no stress but most people are pumped
Is there anyway to get whitelist instead of bringing people here? I don't like to force someone who don't really know about this project to enter just for the sake of me to get whitelist
Okay sure FR3N thats cool too (已编辑)
But you can also refer to me as EY3K0N
I'm feeling FR3N tbh.
P4L or FR3N 
Or how about different factions have different greetings
P4L or FR3N
heyy
Oh sure ican tell him
That’s funny P4L  Well your dog can do that for you  
Ha! P4L
That’s funny P4L Well your dog can do that for you (已编辑)
Ahhhh Okay Yeah i might cut off the wire if it will not be working fine lol
That’s good to know pal, don’t be sorry
Sorry , Its now okay
Here it is!
Btw guys, to those who haven’t joined the game yet feel free to to answer this one First 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly W4GM1 (已编辑)
Heeyy, what’s up?
Thx mate, have a good day/night!
Okay, have a good sleep! GN
Well I think I will go sleep now, cya tomorrow I guess
I see, how’s your internet connection btw?
Im dling good too , just a lil busy hihi
Yes it is really amazing and unique, we are of one mind pal! (已编辑)
The way it moves when you click on something. Unique never saw, anything like that before
Yeah I never saw,something like that before
its so insanely well done
dude the site will blow your mind
Really good job
It also shows my time, date and baterry
Ok I will be honest that website is fucking amazing
You cant check it in the
🖇│official-links channel pal
Let me check real quick
Ohhh I didn't manage to get there yet tbh
Yeah I agree to that How about the website?
I actually I was looking into announcements and stuff and it looks pretty interesting
I will stay for a bit
Oh okay pal, good thing you take time to visit here! Good night in advance
Im about to go for a run and then casino time
Just came to stop by
Fine chilling in the bet probably will go sleep soon
hey FR3N
Good evening! Doing great so far, you?
How is it going
Hello and good evening
Indeed it is FR3N
Hey, what’s up?
  Lurking
FR3N seems... EY3KON-ic
Opss my bad, sorry P4L? 
Lurking
it fits the theme more
dude I think FR3N is it
Hey gel! Doing good, hby?
Hey , wazzzup
That’s cool though, sure FR3N (已编辑)
I like FR3N tbh.
FR3N
Opss my bad, sorry P4L?
LMAO
Sounds great p4L
what is this, amateur hour?!
yuo forgot to add a "pal"
Uhmm anything you want 
Uhmm anything you want
Maybe P4L?
I can’t wait to watch it pal. I wish I had a lot of free time
I'd really prefer if it wasn't
Hey pal watching some series pal
The man got really mad to the girl haha he knows she fooled him
Wow! How’s it so far pal?
So is pal like our thing?
hey pal! how you doing
I'm watching the new update on business proposal pal
good to hear, not yet pal  (已编辑)
Thanks, pal!
good to know pal, same here! (已编辑)
hey man, Im really good and yourself?
hey pal, congrats
Thank you so much!!! Still can't believe it 
good to hear, not yet pal (已编辑)
I liked arcane, it had its own style
Yes pal, wbu?
Oh I see that’s sad pal. Anyways, did you have your coffee already? 
Oh I see that’s sad pal. Anyways, did you have your coffee already? (已编辑)
I'm having a hard time with my Internet connection pal
Hey pal  what’s up?
Thank you so much!!! Still can't believe it
Hey pal what’s up?
Hello fam
What did you make of Arcane?
All the best with the EY3K0N journey proud to be part of it
I just love animation in general, from stuff like love death and robots or super crooks to rick and morty and Primal
Will check out some of your suggestions for sure!
Haha yeah it can be a bit of a rabbit hole. Thanks for those suggestions! I'm quite new to anime, but my girlfriend and I enjoy watching it and we're looking for a new series to start.
One Piece, Demon Slayer, My hero Academia, Beserk, Vinland Saga, Bleach, Akira, oh my gosh, I could keep going for ever do I’ll stop but I do love manga and anime
Defo! So many interesting people to talk to and hear out
The AMAs for this project are gonna be ridiculous! Such an experienced and talent-stacked team.
Want to get the man Adam Pollina in here too - let him tell you some stories in the Ama! You’ll love hearing all about his history - for those that don’t know him you should google the stuff he’s worked on its 
So cool that the team's hanging out in here. I saw Adam in here briefly the other day.
Ha! Just another handy sentient android
Jesse’s being humble btw - he’s the guy behind all the visuals heping bring this all alive - will get him in the Ama too
I can attest to that! Such a wicked artist and storyteller
Want to get the man Adam Pollina in here too - let him tell you some stories in the Ama! You’ll love hearing all about his history - for those that don’t know him you should google the stuff he’s worked on its
goodnight mate
Night Cav!
W4GM1 y’all!
Man... what an amazing way to start my day. I'm on a high!!! 
Man... what an amazing way to start my day. I'm on a high!!!
M0M3NTUM
I'll do what I can.
That art is soo dope! Can’t wait to start sharing with you guys
Once we get to that 1000 dc number we can start revealing some of that art! Lets get a few more genuine eyeballs in here everyone
Likewise!
Thank you! There will be more threads to come as more information is revealed!
Omg can't believe i missed that! 
Man, that’s exactly what we all want to build! Genuine community, excited to create amazing stories together
Omg can't believe i missed that!
it was announced mate, kindly check this 
Well deserved mate!
Oh wow... so thankful! That's crazy. I'm just a genuine supporter. I don't hustle for WL, just share projects I believe in. Thanks so much, everyone!!!  
Oh wow... so thankful! That's crazy. I'm just a genuine supporter. I don't hustle for WL, just share projects I believe in. Thanks so much, everyone!!!
Also they mentioned the people you invited in the announcement, so nothing goes unnoticed here I guess 
I will try and find it for you!
Also they mentioned the people you invited in the announcement, so nothing goes unnoticed here I guess
Did I miss it being announced, or is this a surprise right now? 
Haha dude you’re somewhat of a legend over here
Either way, I'm gonna keep inviting people and sharing this project! 
Did I miss it being announced, or is this a surprise right now?
Haha what a pleasant surprise 
Haha what a pleasant surprise
Either way, I'm gonna keep inviting people and sharing this project!
Wow... I legit didn't know. That's amazing.
Yeah you were the first winner with that beautiful twitter thread  don't tell me you didn't know  
Ha! Love it, love you man!
For real!?
I can see rank but invites just says blocked. Anyway, only on a couple at this stage so no worries
Dude you should check the major announcements channel
Oh man, I swear I've already invited well over 10 people here but probably haven't used my invite link. How do we prove?
I just checked mate, it worked on you
Weird. Hmmm I’ll try again in a few minutes
got it, worked well for me 
got it, worked well for me
No joy
Yea I tried both
try  /invites not /invite
try /invites not /invite
I just checked the #deleted-channel channel
I think you already used the command and it responds to you
I think you guys need to unblock something
Nope , not working either
use /invite command (已编辑)
It just gives a blocked message for me
perhaps you used other command
It just gives a blocked message
use this command /invites in the #deleted-channel  channel 
use this command /invites in the #deleted-channel channel (已编辑)
How can we check our invites?
that's the challenge mate
you can join our game pal
Word - personally I am not an invite compeition guy but will for sure check it out and invite some people if I think its all cool! happy ot pass my invites over to Cav
If it’s still open
feel free to explore pal
Welcome the king
Cav brought me here - gonna take a look at everything
Hii
hi there pal
Howdy
that would be great mate
Gona try and get a few people from Twitter
gonna do what it takes to be wl
Yea 10 is gona be a challenge
hi there mate
Evening!
Yessir gotta make some bank
hello pal
perhaps you can invite your other friends to be in discord
I bet you have your internet friends mate
I don't have 10 friends  
I don't have 10 friends
I know someone could get in mate through your invite
I dont have 10 friends in real life lmao and 3 of them if so know for nfts lmao, but I did send to few groups this project before announcement so Im sure someone did get in
i think not yet, could be you  
What is the challenges first so I can tell you if I would try or not
we have a new challenge mate, care to give it a try?
I'm an OG
i think not yet, could be you
Did anyone made 10 invites?
the WL spot sounds like a nice reward
Boring
there is a new challege care to give it a go?
Thankyou
nice one! congratulations 
nice one! congratulations
you might secure the WL challenge
I know how that feels , you should invite your friends here
midnight, sleepy but cannot let go of a good chat with friends
check out our new challenge you all
I’ll try to get people in here though!
welcome! doing great! hbu?
HOW IS 3V3RYB0DY? (已编辑)
glad to have you on board! LFG
Psyched about getting in here early though! Love the marketing around this project!
Oh haha damn. I just started in the NFT world recently and have only minted a couple of projects. I don’t have 10 discord friends to invite. I added the name and have been retweeting everything though
check this out!
I saw the tweet but what’s the challenge
What’s going on?
Yup!
there is challenge going on right now, care to join?
up to the challenge
Hello, EY3K0N aficionados! Are you up for an unexpected challenge? Here it is!   WHITELIST CHALLENGE  The first person to invite at least 10 people to our server will be guaranteed a WL spot! Once done, open a #supportticket and provide proof that you invited 10 people. You must also have completed the following tasks:   -insert |EY3K0N in your name here  -rt our tweet 
What’s everyone up to!?
try using /invites command in #deleted-channel (已编辑)
You can check your invites at #deleted-channel by typing /invite
how do ı prove
Thank you and thanks to Windtalker for the invite!
Just jumped in
ı can share my screen and show you guys
ı ve done it but ı dont know how to prove
hwo can ı prove
Hello, EY3K0N aficionados! Are you up for an unexpected challenge? Here it is! 

WHITELIST CHALLENGE

The first person to invite at least 10 people to our server will be guaranteed a WL spot! Once done, open a #supportticket and provide proof that you invited 10 people. You must also have completed the following tasks: 

-insert |EY3K0N in your name here 

Very well tweeted
Sweet deal 
Sweet deal
to be announced later, stay tuned   
to be announced later, stay tuned
Any details on the WL comp tonight?
Ahead of tonight's WL competition (details to follow) we wanted to give a massive shout out to  for being an EY3K0N.   For doing a great 6-part tweet, great content, chat in our channel, and  inviting friends, you have earned the FIRST WL spot. CONGR4TS!  
My next guess was TAM3 R4MS
haha thanks!
LFG NICE ONE CONGRATULATIONS
T3AM M4RS? 
T3AM M4RS?
don't forget the numbers and caps mate
Team Mars?
you can message it here 

For doing a great 6-part tweet, great content, chat in our channel, and inviting friends, you have earned the FIRST WL spot. CONGR4TS!

you can message it here
Where do I tell the answer
LMK ur answer if you wanna play
that one
Wait what game
Not yet. It’s at rubbish times for me
have you played the game here?
doing great
Same old. You ?
glad to have you back here again!
Thanks but I’ve been here for awhile
don't worry the server is still in its process in being the best
Once people start to pour in… people will miss out on important information. Between bots messages.  Just an opinion 
you can suggest to have it removed in our
📨│suggestions channel
Once people start to pour in… people will miss out on important information. Between bots messages.

Just an opinion
Do we need this level notification in general chat channel?

TBH it seems like I am chattting for a level upgrade.
LFG M4RS!
Does that mean you will join me later on the Mars?
stay safe out there bro!
getting there
20 more to go….
I am a flyer. I’ll drop and hop on to something else.
welcome back btw!
30 people
gave you your reward check it out in #deleted-channel channel
nice nice congrats!
got it
use caps so that it will be perfect
its T34M M4RS (已编辑)
oh i see
o
dont forget to use the numbers
nice try, but try again
idk if its this simple but EMAT ARSM (已编辑)
as many attempts you want, you can just message here
How many attempts we got and who do i message
could be
is it related to EY3KON
Aight sure Any sort of hints?
click here and lmk your answer
do you want to join our game?
doing fantastic!
i'm doing  good! hbu 
i'm doing good! hbu
happy to have you all on board!
Thank you, gonna watch this from really close up perspective...
Thank you and best of luck
welcome to EY3K0N!
glad you're part of this! LFG
Gotcha, I'll be definitely waiting to see more!
yeah we are still working on it, we want to offer y'all the best
But website is very polished
Ah I asked cuz some of the channels empty
to be dated!
You guys going to be releasing in the midst of bull run. Nice timing
HODL!!
its been up a while
HOODLLL
Ya big bull run coming
I guess it's picking up
And now everyone anticipating the Disney announcement
Was this server just created?
Been quite bullish no? With the whole yuga labs announcement
Hey dude
Gotta keep cool during these bear markets
Just chillin
What's up bro?
thanks!! glad you appreciate it
Thx
nice username
Website looks siiick (已编辑)
stay safe there man
haha yea
;)
Nice might grab me one, yeah for sure they nice
good to see people know about it
Good good dead tired Dubai getting really warm and sandy
yea!!!
Is that starkades?
thx brother I like to have pfp before it moons 
stay safe pal!
I gotta go pals, see you around
how are you bro?
thx brother I like to have pfp before it moons
I'll let y'all know as soon as we have that info, Stay tuned! LFG
Paolo, nice pfp!
Thanks bro
good brother
sure
to be announced pal   as of now we're focusing on making this community bigger 
Tect wasup fam
to be announced pal as of now we're focusing on making this community bigger
Innit
Just website is sell off
how to get wl?
thx guys
Yeah, I think so too 840m for me is not enough
Don't worry its very long but its not that high
ziplines are cool, if only they last like 10 minutes+ tho
Yes but also the council and government. Anyway. That’s another conversation for a different discord! (已编辑)
I also want to try the highest zipline
Oh really? I want to try riding all ziplines
There is a huge one in Wales. Meant to be amazing
there is also a zipline  in our area
oh like activists?
I wish i could try that too soon. That seems so cool and fun. But I do have fear of heights though.LOL
there is also a zipline in our area
It’s not very safe. Lots of woke agendas plastered all over your face.
Yeah I tried the longest zipline 840m, it was really great, not scary at all
Is it becaus eof the weather?
that sounds really fun
Oh really why though?
how so?
Yesterday we also had our family trip, it on a mountain riding ziplines and such, it was really fun
Oh it’s not a nice place to live. Cool for a few days holiday but it’s not a pleasant place to live
????
Oh a real shit hole
glad you had a safe travel
Wow that's nice. So how's London?
Oh that's great how was london pal?
Just got back to London
Heyy welcome back Pal!!!
Afternoon everyone
idk yet
oh no mia is the one off to bed
Its a very common personality
It means i'm introverted but I possesed integrity and high duty bound
I guess he's asleep already
What's your MBTI?
I'll try it later
I'm excited to know
So what deos it mean?
My personality  is ISTJ-A
My personality is ISTJ-A
Free mbti personality test
You can just search it on the google
its available on the net
Yeah, I still don't know mine though. I don't know where can i take that?
Yes, its a 16 personality test
i havent took the test yet
Is that some kind of personal evaluation right?
Yes that's right
Myer Brigss?
Do you know your MBTI guys?
Yeah I am but not that much
it's nice that you keep a positive vibe
you must be an optimist
Like you know Postive Vibezzz
I'm great despite everything
Sleep Well and Goodnight then
Thanks Pal!
Okayy
Ok pal sleep well
dont worry pal we got your back! EY3KON LFG!
nothing much, I'm off to bed (已编辑)
Awee, anytime pal. I'm happy to help, Gotta go.
What's up???
Thank you pal, you helped me lessen this heavy feeling I feel rn
It's okay. What's important is that you know what's the difference of doing good and doing bad. You just did that because you feel bad for your mom. Cheer up pal you'll get through this.  
It's okay. What's important is that you know what's the difference of doing good and doing bad. You just did that because you feel bad for your mom. Cheer up pal you'll get through this. (已编辑)
Heyyy! what's up??
but it is always nice to speak out your thoughts
Good Morning/Afternnon/Evening
Hello Guys!
I realized that even though I'm grown up I will always be the youngest and I have no right to interfere
Yeah that's right, when I scolded my sister, my mom said that "I should not do that because I'm the youngest and she's my oldest sister"
We should also make sure to not let our anger consume us or else, we'll forget what respect is 
We should also make sure to not let our anger consume us or else, we'll forget what respect is
February only has 28 days, I think that's why
welcome back! You just level up
That's why if there's someone in our family like that we should just understand them instead of getting mad at them
hello again lol just got back from an errand
Oh seriously, well I see
My mom told me that a person born in February are like that, they are kind but when they get mad, their personality will turn 180 degrees
You're right. Your sister wasn't able to control her emotion. Cheer up, pal! All will be alright in time
That's right, she is still our mom that's what I shouted to my sister that she don't have the right to do that, she is our mom, we shouldn't forget that she raised us, she may get mad but she don't have the right throw things to our mom, what if it really hits my mom and my mom was bleeding, I will really not forgiver her
Agree. Just comfort your mom for me, and maybe you can talk to your sister too. Well, your sister must also be in shock maybe because she really value such thing. But I know she'll forgive your mom
Parents unconditional love
There were really be times like that but no matter what it is, respect should always be served. It's not like your mom made did it on purpose.
But my mom didn't get mad, she was just crying while saying "its my fault, I am angry at myself, I didn't know how much your sister loves this camera"
I got pissed that she throws her things to my mom because she was mad
We somehow forget the value of a person and a thing
manifesting
Thanks! Hopefully it's a decent day 
Yeah its gonna be okay, I just realized something
I see. Well that's okay, I know your sister has a big heart and she'll forgive your Mom 
I see. Well that's okay, I know your sister has a big heart and she'll forgive your Mom
I understand that she got so mad because it was her own money that she worked hard for
Thanks! Hopefully it's a decent day
hope you'll have an amazing day ahead 
She loves to travel that's why she bought a camera
oh no, that's so sad. Your sister must love photography (已编辑)
My mom didn't mean it that the camera got wet though
My sister and my mom were having a fight because my mom broke my sisters digital cam its very expensive
i'm sorry to hear that but I know you'll get through that, whatever it is (已编辑)
yeah absolutely! i could eat korean all the time haha
My day is not that good
My day is great, I'm not that busy. What about you?
That's cool!! I'll check her channel. Man, noodles makes my mouth watering especially Korean foods. It looks so good!
How's your day today?
I'm also good
hey there! We're good, how about you?
How are you guys doing?
she does alot of noodle and korean food! my gf watches here to go to sleep haha
I haven't heard of her. What is her content? Might as well check her channel.
have you seen ' dyeong' shes a korean youtuber! dopeee
Yeah mate. I better search it on YouTube how to cook it.
ahh i see i see.
uhm, not yet tho 
yas, LFG
About that, we will let you know when it's time.  As of know let's continue building the community first.  
uhm, not yet tho
oh man that is a cool way to relieve stress and delish as well
thank you for that. slowly plugging away at it. what about you?
I sure will. I love noodles. Better make some to relieve some stress.
About that, we will let you know when it's time. As of know let's continue building the community first.
well yes, I am with you in that
Since we are early here, are we like OGs? Do we get AL?
Team looks world class
Thanks going through the website
For you to know more about the project you can check the website. Link is here 
 
hope you'll have an amazing day ahead
oh I see, go for it
I'm doing great just woke up
For you to know more about the project you can check the website. Link is here
🖇│official-links
yeah kind between jobs now so thought i would try to break into web3
woah, that's nice so you've got a lot of time
How can I know more
I just joined
Good mate
GM mate! How's your sleep? 
all good! thank you though! been looking for volunteer roles as ive found myself with a lot of free time recently
that's great. Well, it  happened for some reason and also we are actually not looking for mods right now. 
GM mate! How's your sleep?
try making it mlem, it's good
It's a korean glass noodle dish
nothin much here
Oh what is that?
What y'all been up to?
Thank youuu
sure sure, take your time 
that's great. Well, it happened for some reason and also we are actually not looking for mods right now.
im good! had dinner now back to this. How did you get involved in the project and are you looking for volunteer mods?
hey there! There's nothing much as of the moment. How are you? 
yay! Good luck to everything that you'll be doing today. 
yay! Good luck to everything that you'll be doing today.
Great, ready for the day! 
Great, ready for the day!
GM to you!   How's your sleep?
hey there! There's nothing much as of the moment. How are you?
GM to you! How's your sleep?
hey all, hows it going!
wow, that's popular in Korea. I'm sure it really taste good
luckily I did
I tried to make some japchae today
ohhh that's nice! Did you get them right??
sure sure, take your time
Finishing some important stuff
I know you'll get through it
Thank youu  it's kinda stressful.
Brb i need to finish some stuff
Hello maplae
Thank youu it's kinda stressful.
make sure you get some rest pal. I'm doing good 
hello there, how are you?
What have yall been up to
that's right, it could've been fun too. haha I actually didn't get it at first but then I read it for like 5 times lol
Haha if this riddle delivered through verbal it might be confusing 
Haha if this riddle delivered through verbal it might be confusing
hahahaah lol okay so ofc she'll not use the blue comb because she's bald 
well, just think of it like we're always here for you
thank you! you too! you you guys are always online when i am too hahaha
you must've been so busy. Make sure you don't skip your meals so you'll have the energy that you need
hiyaaaa i have a few minutes again til back to another meeting XD
hey, what's up?
make sure you get some rest pal. I'm doing good
im back W4GM1 fam!!!
Doing great!! Was kinda busy lately. Hby?
hi there! How are you?
Hello!!!
hahahaah lol okay so ofc she'll not use the blue comb because she's bald
waah, seeing how long this is makes me think that it's really hard but wait lemme give a try (已编辑)
There's a bald woman, and she really love anything that has a color of YELLOW, and all her things are color YELLOW, and one day she went to a plane that the color of the plane is YELLOW, and her bags,dress, shoes, glasses, are color YELLOW, and after she went to the YELLOW airport, she was delivered to a YELLOW car, and  went to a YWLLO bridge, and stop in a YELLOW private VILLAGE that has a very big YELLOW gate, and as she get inside  to her YELLOW house, she decided to have a shower, and all the tubs are color YELLOW, and after her shower she look into the YELLOW frame mirror, and found a BLUE COMB,   THE QUESTION: why she didn't use the BLUE Comb?
Brb I have to eat something
There's a bald woman, and she really love anything that has a color of YELLOW, and all her things are color YELLOW, and one day she went to a plane that the color of the plane is YELLOW, and her bags,dress, shoes, glasses, are color YELLOW, and after she went to the YELLOW airport, she was delivered to a YELLOW car, and went to a YWLLO bridge, and stop in a YELLOW private VILLAGE that has a very big YELLOW gate, and as she get inside to her YELLOW house, she decided to have a shower, and all the tubs are color YELLOW, and after her shower she look into the YELLOW frame mirror, and found a BLUE COMB, 

THE QUESTION: why she didn't use the BLUE Comb?
Okay,
just take your time, i'm willing to wait
I have one, but its a scenario and  it will took my some time to put it on here haha
Me*
I have one, but its a scenario and it will took my some time to put it on here haha
sadly, I don't maybe you got some more?
Sorry, you got some there?
yaay!! I was thinking about my height but I realized it never goes up lol
You got it
Could it be my Age? Hahaha!
10secs
I'm trying to think what is it hahaha give me time
..
I think no one answering my riddle hahaha
hahaha, witty
ohh great
Dude naysss
people here should be called HUM4RS hahahaha
And when people call you Mars in real life was so amazing
oh really? cool
Btw I use to use "Mars" as my IGN haha
Oh great, you got it right! Congratulations
Thanks for that, pal
W4GM1!
what could this be?
hope ya'll are having a good day as well!
ofcourseee W4GM1 !!! thank you, thats really thoughtful
hello there! thank you for checking us up. Hope everything's good with your work 
hello there! thank you for checking us up. Hope everything's good with your work
What goes up but never goes down
just checking in with ya'll
sure, anytimee
got a few minutes before heading back to work
wazzahhhhhhh
Okay thanks bro
I don't know what are the rules lol
feel free to answer it
let's manifest that!
Maybe tomorrow will be good for me 
I am sorry I haven't
I can play but I'm not so good with that. Lol by the way speaking of game, did you join our game already?
Maybe tomorrow will be good for me
oh sorry to hear that. Mine is kinda good 
oh sorry to hear that. Mine is kinda good
Like*
Do you guys riddle game?
your tummy must be full
Really a tough day, how's your day?
rice and fish
hello mate. how are you?
hey there!
i ate oats, what about you?
what did you eat?
good to hear that
good. yes, I'm done eating pal
have you eaten already?
done pal
sure, take your time. Eat welly pal. 
sure, take your time. Eat welly pal.
well gonna go now pal I'll just eat my meal
oh yeahh
acads related pal
what are you so busy about now pal?
ohh yes that's why
well, I agree you with that. I used to watch tiktok videos before but now, I barely have the time to even open the app 
well, I agree you with that. I used to watch tiktok videos before but now, I barely have the time to even open the app
how about you pal?
it's just so entertaining (已编辑)
yess actually tiktok consumes most of my time
oh, do you enjoy watching tiktok videos?
just scrolling through tiktok pal
What are you doin now pal?
the pleasure is mine pal
Great. Anyway, thank you for participating in our game, pal  
Great. Anyway, thank you for participating in our game, pal (已编辑)
I couldn't agree more with that pal
Of course. Engaging with other people is really important, we get to learn a lot
yes that's right but it's also nice to alwayss engage with the community
That's right. You have to always engage in here to gather an xp to level up. It really takes time
that's so nicee it actually takes time to level up
You just advanced 3 levels instantly. 
You just advanced 3 levels instantly.
wooww thanks pal!
Cool! That was fast   Congrats pal 
Cool! That was fast Congrats pal
Is it
ohh I see
what game pal?
Anyway, did you join our game already  ?
ohh I'll try to watch that pal
this is an American series, it's so cool a must watch
I'm not familiar with that one
the title is Blacklist
ohh what series is that pal?
I'm watching a series as of the moment. Trying to finish it as fast as I can for I'll be busy in the next few days 
I'm watching a series as of the moment. Trying to finish it as fast as I can for I'll be busy in the next few days
nothing much pal just chilling here
hey there mate, what's up?
i did
Yeah, that's good feedback to have then. Maybe worth a quick mention in 
Yeah, that's good feedback to have then. Maybe worth a quick mention in
📨│suggestions
i did i'm trying on my work laptop.. will try when i get back to home
hey hahah good to see you
Oh hello, I see a familiar username 
It should ideally be a smooth experience for everyone.
Ahh ok, that's a good point. I didn't have any issues with lag.
Oh hello, I see a familiar username
I'll be heading to bed soon so see ya tomorrow!
im off to take an 1hr break for discord, will see you back here in abit 
I tried to open it twice both times it lags hella and i couldnt explore more
it does but how its gonna help if every user or outsiders who wanna know about the project wont be able to open website..
Did you check out the team?..
It is heavy. But I think it helps set it apart from every other project.
you can suggest this in the
📨│suggestions channel, mate. We will surely consider suggestions.
checked out the website looks pretty cool but its heavy af might reconsider it making a bit lower so its easily accessible 
checked out the website looks pretty cool but its heavy af might reconsider it making a bit lower so its easily accessible
great just busy with work wanted to say hi
welcome fomiess
Man you know so many projects I've never heard of. That one looks dope though! Cool art.
thats the strange reason im still holding Edenhorde 
Hi mate! Welcome! How are you doing today?
hi welcome from fomoland 
I think this project will lean heavily on storytelling as the whole roadmap is to create an "immersive storytelling platform for the metaverse generation".
hi welcome from fomoland
thats the strange reason im still holding Edenhorde (已编辑)
Yeah, I'm a huge fan of well-developed lore.
really want people to pick a faction and be invested in that
man these days LORE is everything
this is what I'm thinking too.
Different characters/factions from different planets or something?
Can't wait to learn more about the story.
I'm thinking this refers to some faction/team/world element in the EY3K0N metaverse.
thats so cool ahaha
yay! you got it right mate!
Team mars?
you can send here your answer, mate.
also i sent you a friend request
where do we solve it?
Rip
But make sure to reply to the mod

and interacts
exactly this, we are the ambassadors of this community and at this early on we get to help mould the way the community functions
I've never been quite this early so I'm curious to watch and help it grow.
The team made me most bullish on the project. Good team 
Thought Im gonna join a 50k Discord server lol
and we cool
feel like we are the OG OG haha
Did you check out the team on the website? That's what got me hyped. Plus the overall calibre of the website/art teaser.
Yeah, it's pretty rare to be this early to anything these days, but I think things will heat up as more content is released.
This is pretty much as OG as it gets.
Awesome. Someone who knows a good thing when they see it!
Oh, did you find this via FG 'alpha'?
Hey, welcome! So early, right?
Oh sorry, I didn't see that attempt!
W4GM!!!
Are we OG or is there a different system?
im combing through all the twitter posts and the quality of the artwork is really ace
stay tuned, as we bring the project to heights!
man so so excited to be here!
Hello! I know right!
absolutely!
hello there
Project looks amazinggg
yay! you got it right!
Lol, I was stuck with Meta
Team Mars
you might want to change the first word mate? You can do it!
But I said Meta Mars?
The teaser of one character on the website was enough to convince me!
Are ya'll ready for how crazy things are gonna get when art sneak peeks for this project start getting dropped?
Ooohh you're almost there mate!!
The second word may be a planet
FGs are heading to venus, right?
I gotta give my fellow FG holder a hint.
almost there mate!
Meta Arms
Gotta be that lmao
Armmmmmmmmmmmms
But it’s not correct tho. Sorry if I am giving out too much
Potentially right
try again mate. 
there are still 24 slots left!
Meta Asmr
Here's a hint. Use the letters as is
lmao
You can do it. I believe in you
Meta Rams? lol
try again mate.
You can write it here directly
Meta Mars?
you can write it here.
or open ticket?
I just write here what I think it is?
yes mate!
Oh its the 3M4T 4RSM we have to solve
Keina just posted it. You can answer directly here
Where do I find this game?
On the website?
We're actually having a game mate. If you got the right answer, we're gonna give you advanced levels as a reward!
Im staing here for sure  Would be nice with OG roles.
Im staing here for sure Would be nice with OG roles.
there's no update yet about it mate. Stay with us, we'll keep you posted! 
there's no update yet about it mate. Stay with us, we'll keep you posted!
Thanks buddy! Is there any info regarding any dates? WL?
welcome to the community mate! 
he never got a chance though.
Damn he never got to go?
Thanks, and yeah Im interested
Welcome . Hope you find this project interesting 
Welcome . Hope you find this project interesting
New here, this project looks amazing. Specially the team behind it.
my father even dreamt of attending one of their concerts. haha
Hey there! Good morning.
Good morning! 
I grew up on early 60's rock to 90's rap
Yeah old but gold!
That's sick! My stepdad had a ton of cds anf cassettes
Good morning!
Oldies songs really hit different
my father used to collect CDs from them. When I was a kid, I used to listen to their songs up until now.
Me too! I think I have now and forever on cd somewhere still
I'm not mate. I just love their songs.
U aussie?
their songs are really good.
That is my favourite band from the 90s
songs from the 1980's mate. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Air Supply.
Oh hell yeah! What are you listening to?
we're all excited for some updates on the project!
They're as much as excited as me! 
They're as much as excited as me!
yeah, they're so cute with their shades on
Yup, they are pokemon turles. Such a cutie 
Yup, they are pokemon turles. Such a cutie
hahaha are they turtles?
Yup. And I can keep tabs on what's happening here
not much mate! That's great no more delays in your replies! you can now grind for your rank (已编辑)
Hello, just got home. What did i mis
have a safe trip mate!
Thanks fren
Oh that's Great. Have a safe trip
Just heading back to London
Good thanks
good morning mate. how are you doing?
no heads up yet.. for now let’s wait for some updates coming soon. I’m excited! (已编辑)
What's the agenda for now keina?
anytime mate
soon mate. we will let everyone know when it’s time.
When will the voice hangouts start?
Oh, same same
cool! not much mate, just listening to some music.
Nm, hbu? Done with my nft stuff for the day
Hey mate! What's up?
Heyo
nice
we're doing great mate.
how bout you
That's good to hear
i'm fine
hii
Hello, how are you. Hope you're doing fine
Hi there!
You guys can still catch up
Oohh thank you for the heads up
I think there's still 24 slots
stay tuned mate! they'll surely announce it if there is.
That's nice. How about some games?
Keep posted
They will be announcing it soon bud
We'll keep you posted mate!
I'd like to know if there would be any announcements, I wanna see it instantly  
Unfortunately I'm stuck in my friends house, haven't been feeling okay in my own house and now I'm stuck due to harsh weather
I'd like to know if there would be any announcements, I wanna see it instantly
Thank you for the concern. 
Okay, I'm gonna wait for that
that's alright mate. no worries!
Oh that's really nice. I'd like to grind up my rank today but I'm not at home so there might be delays in replies
that's sad mate. I hope you'll be okay. There are no heads up yet. We'll keep you posted!
Is there any activity for today?
Feeling sick
we're doing great. how about you?
we're still working on the progress mate!
How's the project holding up?
The weather is really crazy right now
Hello, what's up
Hey there mate!
we still have 24 slots left mate. You can do it!
Okay, I seeee
yeah till you get the correct answer. also, the first 50 members only. If we have reached 50 members who got it right, then the game is completed.
Does this mean we can send as many answers as we can?
anytime mate!
You'll get the answer soon
The game was easy bud
if you get the answer right, we will let you know right away and give the advance levels as a reward.
Owh, okay
Not yet mate. We still have 24 slots left. You can still try again!
Is the answer out?
I mean, up till the end, I really didn't have any idea HAHHAAH
why? what happened mate?
Did you won last night pal?
I still haven't even moved on with last night's game 
I still haven't even moved on with last night's game
I haven't received a heads up about it. But if there is, we will surely let you know.  
That's a big help bud
Wow that's great
I haven't received a heads up about it. But if there is, we will surely let you know. (已编辑)
Is there a game later?
good to know mate.
Doing fine also mate!
Hello there mate we're doing good. how about you?
Good guy to have around!
He's working on some exciting things in the web3 space.
Ryan's a good NFT friend of mine. I suggested he join the Discord.
Who is he?
Look who it is!
Glad to help mate
Thanks, mate!  W4GM1 
YGMI
Thanks, mate! W4GM1
All of them are here in this server
I already invited them bud
I hope you guys invite your friends here too
I see a lot of new members here
Not yet, mate we'll let you know when there is! Keep posted!
I'm doing great also
Is there any updates for the project?
Doing great, mate! How about you?
How y'all doing?
GM, mate
glad to be here!
It will happen pal, we will make it happen together  W4GM1  
We're glad to have you here what's up,pal?
great to be here againn
Hey there, pal! GM! 
Hey there, pal! GM!
It will happen pal, we will make it happen together W4GM1 (已编辑)
Oh, it's gonna happen. It's not if, but when.
Yeah the server will be very busy when that time comes but hopefully we’ll reach that 
So early! Nice to see a fellow FG holder in here.
Thanks good to hear pal, so far so good
great, happy to be here! And you?
Hello Glad that you jump here this early pal, how are you?
hello  looks like I'm early 
hello looks like I'm early
Btw, how are you pal?
Yeah the server will be very busy when that time comes but hopefully we’ll reach that
It's gonna be crazy once the Discord's at 3000, then 30k, then +++
Anything you guys need help with atm while it's still farily quiet/early in here?
Its fantastic The one you also sent yesterday is also Lovin’ the vibe (已编辑)
Haha, thanks. Not sure how many rap fans there are in this Discord. But I think it's a vibe.
EY3K0N1C (已编辑)
Sure thing
Thanks pal 
Okay pal take your time, good luck fixing it! (已编辑)
Well pal, it seems like the internet  wants to argue something , imma still fix it tho
Huhu
Well pal, it seems like the internet wants to argue something , imma still fix it tho
W4GMI
Alright !!! lEzgoo
Keep it up pal! LFG
Wow congrats pal
Ows
kinda Lil busy
I’m not busy pal, you?
Busy person?
No worries pal
I forgot haha. I just watched it on sites. I thought it is on Netflix. Sorry bout that.
You should look for it hahaha
I Might look for it
yeah
I don't know but I just watch it on Netflix.
Btw what country is it from?
Euphoria means happiness ryt?
Wow I heard about it, they said its nice
I think it is more of a series. It is titled Euphoria. Ever heard of it?
wazzzzup
Not yet pal but I think its trending since they’re releasing new episode today, right? 
Oh I see, what movie pal?
woke up late because watched some movies haha
Hello, we’re doing great! How about you? (已编辑)
Not yet pal but I think its trending since they’re releasing new episode today, right? (已编辑)
hey what's up
Dont like to watch theories and histories?
Hahahahahahahha
You both Are K K 
U watching it too?
You both Are K K
Yes pal hahahaha u got it ryt
Nahhhh guys
I guess it’s business proposal?
What K-series are you watching right now pal?
Same pal hahaha I'm watching them on Netflix
Yes pal during some vacant time! How about you?
Super satisfied pal
Satisfied pal, right? Hahahhaa
Yeah we’re already full mate you didn’t join us  
Yeah we’re already full mate you didn’t join us (已编辑)
You guys are done eating virtual pizza? lol
Oh I see okay
Just Checking the internet cause its too slow nahhh
Where have you been mate?
Me too Let’s just stay tuned pal!
hhahaha
Im back my friends
Guess they really need energy to think for interesting updates
Woahhh! I'm excited for it pal
They’re saving energy for some games to be announced pal
I think too pal hahahaha getting more energy for the day
I think they’re saving energy pal
I guess many are still asleep 
I guess many are still asleep
Thank youu I can only send through pizza emoji pal (已编辑)
Wow then #cravingsatisfied pal?
I'm gonna look for pizaa later
I can virtually send you pizza pal, here it is (已编辑)
I guess I'm gonna buy ticket now
Ughhhh Hihihi , if you  guys have sometime you can fly over here , we'll have pizza my fam 
Nahhhhh
Ughhhh Hihihi , if you guys have sometime you can fly over here , we'll have pizza my fam
Our conversation made me crave for some pepperoni  
Our conversation made me crave for some pepperoni (已编辑)
I guess I'm craving nowwww
This one's great tooooooo
Mine is pepperoni 
Mine is pepperoni
i love beef mushroom too
Beef mushroom for meee
Hawiian Overload
We'll Hawiaan is my taste
Wow I love pizza, what flavor are you into? 
My favourite hmm
Hey pal, we're good
Just done having mine too
Just done taking my meal pal 
Wow I love pizza, what flavor are you into?
Nahhh im craving pizza lol
Yeah , it is really good specially when you have pizza in there
im good
not too bad. Looking at NFT's, so the same old
Hello pal, doing great so far! How about you?
how're you doing
hey all
Just done taking my meal pal
Yes hihi how bout u fam
Coffee a day huh Great way to start the day!
Just done having coffee rn
I agree to that, I’m also excited and really looking forward to it (已编辑)
Thank you fam excited to see more updates soon
Nothing much pal. Still working on the progress, we’ll just keep you updated if there is! (已编辑)
Any update bout the project? 
Any update bout the project?
Yeah sure
📨│suggestions
ahhh i see
I'm going to be a lil busy today pal.
How about you pal?
We'll just do the routine
The day are always been a good days , just done with cleaning room
Hey Pal
Glad that you’re motivated, keep engaging pal! LFG (已编辑)
Thanks pal, what a motivation of the day
Wow! Congrats pal 
Wow! Congrats pal
Uhm I mean what are you doing now?
Why not?
Oh oh, not a good idea mate lol 
Yes sure
Thanks pal
We’ll just keep you posted pal 
We’ll just keep you posted pal
Just joking
Oh oh, not a good idea mate lol
Oh I mean what are you doing?
Can I join?
I'm still lyin on my bed 
I'm still lyin on my bed
I guess me too
It's  going to be a long day
Yeah me too
Wide awake mate  (已编辑)
I'm doing good mate, wbu
It's going to be a long day
Wide awake mate (已编辑)
Me im doin' great
Eyy you up alreay huh
Hey mate, wazzup
Hello pal 
How's your day?
Do we have another game again?
It's me again
Just like yesterday
Hi everyone
Where you from by the way mate? (已编辑)
Yeah Sure I will
we'll be having games mate, just keep posted in the community
Oh okay me Im just lying down and try to have some fun playing games with my phone
I'm just sitting here, tryna relax cause it'll be a long day. How about you mate?
What are you doing now pal?
Oh I see
I have a long way to go mate
Can i know what rank are you right now?
Do you have also a rank?
that's great lfg
You guys has also a rank?
Im at level 6 already
you did? what rank are you now?
Already done pal
you can now check your rank at the #deleted-channel channel
Woohhhh I guessed it correctly i guess
you got it right mate
Im I correct?
we're very glad to have you in the community pal
Nice one good to be here , I need to learn about NFTs before I get in a mess 
Nice one good to be here , I need to learn about NFTs before I get in a mess
this one mate
What is it?
Oh what time is it in your place already?
I did but I think I might need lots of it later   how about you?
we do have a game right now mate
Oh okay i guess  we can have fun like playin' games or whatsoever
Oh okay i guess we can have fun like playin' games or whatsoever
hi pal! welcome to the community
I did but I think I might need lots of it later how about you?
Hi guys first time here , hope you are all well
Why is it  you are the only one i see right now?
Did you take a rest already?
Why is it you are the only one i see right now?
Im fine too
I'm great, how about at your end?
How are you pal?
good day pal!
Eyy good day everyone
they'll be coming mate, don't worry
Its just that I only see you
How many are you?
yes mate
Are you a mod pal?
hi pal! everything's alright on my end
Yeah, later
you may take a nap mate just to re-energize
I'm also good but I'm still sleepy
I bet they're still having their sweet dreams
everything's smooth, how about you mate?
Where is everybody? still sleeping?
How are you mate?
good morning mate 
you can check your rank in the #deleted-channel channel
great
it's the first 50 who answered it right mate, luckily you're one of them 
it's the first 50 who answered it right mate, luckily you're one of them
too late for M4RS lol,,,,nice thought i was late 
too late for M4RS lol,,,,nice thought i was late (已编辑)
you got it right mate!
yes that's what cats usually do
first the pounce awakening then the meow in the ear if youre still asleep
cats really do double up as an alarm clock
glad you had a nice sleep!
cat didint wake me up at 6am like usual
it was good first sleep in ive had in weks
how was sleep?
jsut waking up lol
good afternoon
wc back man!
How did you got this icon?
Ok 
Thanks for participating in our game! check your rewards in our #deleted-channel channel
YOOOO NICE ONE!
T34M M4RS  To the MOOOON   
T34M M4RS 
To the MOOOON
take your time! no pressure
Click the link and LMK your answer! 
Click the link and LMK your answer!
care about a little game?
Im good what about there
how are you fam?
glad to have you here as well
yoo welcome!!
Glad to be here
Hi fam
Yes sir!! LFG EY3K0N!!
I'm so glad I'm part of this community
really thankful you guys are part of this!! y'all are cool
LFGY!!!!
LFGGGGGG
Ikr. W4GM1 T3AM M4RS !!!!
Let's keep this community burning 
Let's keep this community burning
W4GM1!!
I'm doing well. Watching some shows
Keep the suggestions going! Great to see so much enthusiasm within the community. W4GM1!!!!
Reacted to it just now fam
awesome suggestion!
Doing great so far. Yours?

Tap on Fam
Appreciate it brother!
Good to see so many members greeting me
Wazaahhhhhh
hahaha nice nice sleep well later fam!
Wazaahhhhh
Just tuning in for awhile before i doze off hahaha
Thats great brother! Lovely to be back
thats awesome to hear, im doing good as well
Doing good now you?
How are you fam?
Wazzahhhhh
WELCOME BACK!!
How are ya’ll W4GM1 fam!!!
Awwee that's so cute. What are their names?
They're the cutest pets also. So playful and lovely
but its so worth it
true having lots of pets can be too much work sometimes
Yes! I love them but they can be too much at times
thats so cool
I have 2 cats and a dog
what are your thoughts on dogs?
You bet! That's their love language haha
despite the scratches they will give
It's so nice cuddling with them
indeed all pets are lovable
i know right?  
i know right?
Cats are the cutest. All pets are cute
They are even if they're giving you some attitude. You just can't stop loving them
I want to get a neva masquerade
It does! I'm watching kitchen nightmares.
Love cats
oohhh cats are cute fr
Thank youu. I have a pet cat but she's a diva haha
do you also have a pet? that cat in your pfp looks cute
this is making me hungry
I'm a pet lover also
Oh what pets do you have?
nice idea you better suggest that in our
📨│suggestions channel my guy
Maybe we need Pet Talk channel 
Nothing much. Just watching some cooking shows lol
Maybe we need Pet Talk channel
sup!
Pity that I can’t share a pic of my pet here
What kinds have you got?
oohhh nice one, what kind of pets do you have?
none so far lol just spending the day with my pets
y'all got anything going on for today?
LFGY
LFG!!  
lfgggggg
Yeah feeling rad rn
glad to hear youre doing great 
glad to hear youre doing great
I'm doing great mate. Hby? (已编辑)
feeling good actually
the game, just incase someone wants to play
I'm good! u?
how is everybody?
Sup mate
what's that
sup y'all
I hope more people would join the game 
I hope more people would join the game
well yeah Hahaha that's right.
I meant the 50 thing lmao
That’s just online atm. There are more than that fosho
Ohh that's a pretty skin from lux
no  but I do have battle academia
oh wow we're that many already?
Wow looks like people are missing out on this boost. I see there are 56 people online. 
Wow looks like people are missing out on this boost. I see there are 56 people online.
Not yet, fam but we're 2 slots away for its half 
no but I do have battle academia
Ohh a lux main. Do you have her elementalist skin?
hi! you also play league?
definitely lux
go, you can do it
Just guessing haha
I’ll enter then I think
How did you know??? I'm a supp main hehe
ohhh that’s good
Not yet, fam but we're 2 slots away for its half
supp role?
You as well!! It's nice to meet some league players here. Who's your favorite champ?
Are there 50 already?
Thats great! You'll just have to answer this 
me too!
Thats great! You'll just have to answer this
how do I join ?
sure I’ll be down Im at the gym rn but I’d be down
Kind of. Do you wanna join our game?
Same!!! I also play league
Oh is it the cryptography game?
What’s good
hey everyone
Sure. Thank you for your participation in our game
amazing! thank you
You just advanced 3 levels! Congrats 
You just advanced 3 levels! Congrats
awesome
great, you got it right 
wow amazing
yeah I play league
great, you got it right
T3AM M4RS
Saw your pp
You play video games?
Hey how are you?
Heyy there!!
Hey there, how's life?
hey there zenxy!
That's cool! It's a great show also
Yeah there's a lot of clip on it on TikTok. It's a great show.
I think its nice
yes but I'm only upto the 1st season
I watched it on Tiktok though like Short Vids
Have you also watched young sheldon? I dunno i also like that show ahahaha
yes it's on netflix
Nice one!Can i watch it on Netflix?
modern family too!
it's a comedy show, about the daily lives of detectives in the 99th precinct
What's that all about? can you tell me about it?
Ohh yesss classic sit com and the office also
aside cooking shows, brooklyn nine-nine is also great!
Ohhh same mate
I like Gordon Ramsay's
Doing great also. We are talking about cooking shows. What's your fave show?
Good Evening from Asia!
Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening evrybody
Im very good
Hey there! How are you pal?
Hello Guys!!!
It does haha. I also watch a show about worst cooks in America. I forgot the title. I'll never forget the one contestant when she sliced the avocado together with the seed. Damn, that's a very sharp knife lol (已编辑)
it's so rare to see him actually like the food lmao
Haha you know it's not good when Gordon started to yell. Man... It's so entertaining
Right?? Gordon yelling at the chefs and restaurant owners will never be not funny to me 
Right?? Gordon yelling at the chefs and restaurant owners will never be not funny to me
Hello mlem!! Nice to see you again bud
Hmmm. We'll tell you when it's time
Are there rankings here?
Will the ranks be part of wlist?
Things are good, surprisingly! How about you guys, how was your day?
How is everyone? (已编辑)
Hi there! How are you?
How are things?
Hello!!
We are not looking for moderators right now.
Can i apply for mod?
We'll be dropping some. Watch out 
We'll be dropping some. Watch out
Sure no worries  just waiting for sneak peeks
Sure no worries just waiting for sneak peeks
Oh about that, we'll let you know mate when it's time  For now, let's continue to build the community first. 
Oh about that, we'll let you know mate when it's time For now, let's continue to build the community first.
Og? Nah?
Thanks for reporting - Will check with dev team AS4P
Checked with both type of internet service. The results are similar. 
That's how it should look! 

Will report back asap. That's on iPhone 13 Pro Chrome browser
Checked with both type of internet service. The results are similar. (已编辑)
Sure thing. Thanks! Sometimes it can be a connection issue / slow loadings. It's a pretty have website 
Chrome browser *
It’s same on chrome.
Sure thing. Thanks! Sometimes it can be a connection issue / slow loadings. It's a pretty have website
Hahahah 5G 
Good point let me check it via chrome browser
Hahahah 5G
Cool. Lastly on 4/5g or wifi?
12 pro
And which model iphone?
Safari
Hey - which model / browser are you using? Will feedback any issues to our delopment team 
Hey - which model / browser are you using? Will feedback any issues to our delopment team
Hey Mia, Just checking if the website not compatible with phones? I tried it on my phone it’s doing nothing after I slide to unlock. Just wondering if it is my systems or because I am using my phone.
Hey Mia,
Just checking if the website not compatible with phones? I tried it on my phone it’s doing nothing after I slide to unlock. Just wondering if it is my systems or because I am using my phone.
We'll keep you posted pal. Stay tuned!
Wen Announcement?
Have you got your entry already?
Hello there, do you wanna join our game too? Feel free to answer it. We'd love to see your guesses.
Gl g
noice, Imma squeeze my brain out
The first word could be T34M for example. TEAM... something.
Notice how EY3K0N uses numbers as letters. That's a clue.
There's no deadline. Just the first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly.
When's the deadline again?
I know you can do it, pal. There's no rush in here, just take your time
deym lucky you huhu
Well, we aren't part of the game pal. Watchers already knew the answer. We are here to see if who got the correct answer and give them the reward (已编辑)
?
Was it hard for you
Have you given your answer already?
Anytime for you
You got this
Thank Fam.
you can do it pal just take your time (已编辑)
I don't have the slightest idea, but I'mma try 
I don't have the slightest idea, but I'mma try
Interesting
Sure! Feel free to answer this one
'Mornin mate
GM to you! Have you eaten your breakfast?
Not yet, is it available now? Imma go and check it
Rooting for your successful journey!
We just started pal, soon we'll make a channel for that. But for now, you can check it in our  website   You'll see everything that you are looking for in there. 
Introduction of the team behind the project and their past work and their area of expertise. 
Okaaay, didn't notice it hehe
I don’t see that a problem
It was there in one of the channel open to see.
Is everyone allowed to access that?
That sounds fun
Owwwh okay
Introduction of the team behind the project and their past work and their area of expertise. (已编辑)
What's team intro page?
Oh wait, lemme check it first
More of an image.
HAPPY WEEKEND!!
There use to be a team intro page in one of the channel. I tried to look at it but couldn’t find one. Can someone guide me please?
truly, I agree to that
What are you up to right now?
Niiice
Doin good too, so far
Happy Weekend Fam
The authentic is always best but depends on which part of the world you are in to get the essentials.
That's good to hear pal, you've got more time to relax
Hey there! Still all goods  Another stress-free day 
nice, I should try that soon.
It’s best 
Hey there! Still all goods Another stress-free day
It’s best
oh yes, I see. Does it taste good?
It’s got some benefits 
It’s got some benefits
Hey there! That's right (已编辑)
Yes, I never tried it but I've read about its benefits
It is. I don’t know if you ever tried Indian Chai it’s full of herbs and spices 
And counting
300 members!
It is.
I don’t know if you ever tried Indian Chai it’s full of herbs and spices
oh wow, that's good for your health
Chai we call it.
More of a tea ☕️
What's up pal. How you doin'?
Well, you got it right. Anyway, did you have your morning coffee already?
Looks like where you are it not GM any more 
wazzup everyone
Looks like where you are it not GM any more
GM to you mate 
GM to you mate
GM GM EY3K0Ns
How's your day anniefleur
Hi there
Oh yes, that is actually helpful. Saves us from the hassle of going to and from work
Keep your head up
I would agree with you mate. I would go out sometimes to see people, trees, and even breathe fresh air. But for the past weeks it's been raining so it's somehow an advantage working from home.
Yes love it
It is nice to see people from time to time though
absolutely. working from home has lots of perks.
It can be very depressed. But I work from home.. So I don't have to go outside
that's cool mate. sometimes, raining every day is quite stressful. especially those who would go out for work.
The last weeks was terrible too here. But now its finally okay
Sad. But spring is coming soon
yeah, it's kinda cold here right now even if it didn't rain today.
I'm from the west. Kinda rainy but sometimes really cold
No sunshine?
Oh nooo. Where are you from?
yeah! it really tastes good. perfect for the weather here.
It's raining cats and dogs in here. Have been for the past few days
Yeah sun is shining  what about you?
It tastes good?
Yeah sun is shining what about you?
just drinking a coffee I bought from a convenience store that just opened today. They're having a buy 1 take 1 coffee.
Good morning. Nice weather?
Just had breakfast with my fam. What about you?
Good morning mate. What's up?
Good Morning
For sure when they release the project, it'll be
I saw the website too, how are you guys that creative? I'm envious
absolutely mate!
I bet it'll be . The website is so nice.
Hello guys. Still working on the progress for the project. Stay tuned for updates coming soon. 
Hello guys. Still working on the progress for the project. Stay tuned for updates coming soon. (已编辑)
How is the project?
Hello. How you guys holding up?
So how did everyone discover this project?
ohh! awesome! I also love my job. I'm enjoying it.
absolutely, small hint: it involves crypto  
absolutely, small hint: it involves crypto
that's nice! You really can't complain the things you love doing.
Alright, working on Sunday but love my work so can't complain 
Re game: T34M M4RS
Alright, working on Sunday but love my work so can't complain
what's up? have you checked the game?
GM 
Leggo T34M M4RS
anytime mate. we will surely let everyone know.
Yay! Will take note of that. Thank you
We will be having more games to come for sure. Stay tuned for more!
Do you have any other games in store for us?
W4GM1 !!!!
you guys got it right!!
My bad, I've mixed the 4 and 3
T43M M4RS
you can type it here.
Is it just one word? And do we dm it to you?
Should I just type it in here?
you can join right now mate.
Oohh what should I do?
Yoo! Thanks so much!
here it is! the first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly1 
What time is it?
here it is! the first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly1 (已编辑)
What are you guys playing?
Oooh? What game are you guys playing?
We are having a game mate. Are you interested to join?
Just checking out what everyone's up too. Excited for more updates from you guys :) 
Just checking out what everyone's up too. Excited for more updates from you guys :) (已编辑)
Hey! What's up?
Why is your O not a 0?
I'm curious about that too
Ooh I wanna know about that too
okay.
Radio channel is still in progress as part of EY3K0N's roadmap. Check back, since S0N1C SOUNDS RADIO will soon be ready for a real-time audio experience. (已编辑)
can you tell me?
soon mate! Will keep you posted!
I hope announcements revealing the project will come soon 
im quite curious about the #deleted-channel channel
will do.
stay with us mate! as we unfold this project to heights!
I hope announcements revealing the project will come soon
if so. im excited to see.
are you guys gonna slowly reveal the icon arts soon?
oh okay. thanks.
i see
cool cool
Doing good, how are you guys?
Same mate. I’m really looking forward and excited for the project. Let’s wait and see what the project has in store!
Hey guys. Who's up?
where can I see the roadmap?
Hey there!
oh you should take care.
High hopes for this one.
whats your expectations towards this nft project mod? for me its gonna be a top notch nft soon. beyond my imaginations because the artist is really good
oh, that’s sad mate. I have a nice weather today. It’s been raining the previous days.
idk
same here as well i mean not so cuz its too hot lol
thats nice
everybody’s having a great day, mate. How about you?
hows everyones day? or Morning
afternoon
Hi mate! how are you doing?
Gm fam!!
Do you play hockey mate!
How many years you play hockey? (已编辑)
That's cool
jstu canadian
when i was younger
Are you a hockey player bud?
theres where im at
wow! that must be so cold mate.
-25 yesterday +6 today
the beach? its still winter here
I’m thinking of going to the beach today mate. The weather today is really nice. How about you?
What are you guys up to today?
She's level 2 so I guess if she solve the game she will advance to level 5
I lvl up up to 7 hahaha
It's ez man! You can lvl up
Hi mate how are you?
what game

Hi mate. We are having a game. Have you joined?
I'm good bud, we're glad you appreciated our project
How are ya? I'm literally waiting for more info on this project. Impressed with the banner and other assets they've we already have on twitter.
How are ya?
I'm literally waiting for more info on this project. Impressed with the banner and other assets they've we already have on twitter.
We're good btw
Hey bud what's up?
What's up fam !
I love the beat
old but gooder
what im lsitneing to righ tnow
Yeah that's what I like!
Great job! Keep on engaging!
dont stop get it get it
What's your level btw?
I'm lvl 7 now haha
Niiiice
mayeb not
Maybe, you should check you level bud
lol
almost there alfeady on my own
Add that to my current lvl mate haha
Yes, you did pal!
Did I lvl up?
check this out, Pal! first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly
its scrambled
For the game, if you guessed the scrambled word you'll advance to level 3
Yes, I agree! You can do it!
what
32 slots for that
As of now, we still have 32 slots left! 
As of now, we still have 32 slots left!
Check this out bud
pretty new discord if you havent noticed
slots for what
for the game, pal?
How many slots left?
We'll be glad to hear your ideas mate, please chat them in the #suggestion-ideas channel
What are you guys talking about?
clicked rto send a pic and it was like create a thread
i can create a thread
you knwo this isnt locked youre site
Thank you, pal! Watch out for more!
Yes add 3 lvl haha
That's great! You got it right, pal!
We'll let you know mate when there is Keep posted! (已编辑)
I'll be right back
I'm here in Asia,pal
Wow that's cool
Okay I got it
Ive played at Shambhala music festival back in the day
playing
hey are you going to have community DJ's palying
Hahahaa
We have the same thoughts bud
cudos
very nice websute
faith
are you aussie
It's on the website bud
What game is that? Where I can find it
where is the roadmap
Yes, we are! Feel free to check this out, pal
Check this out
Hi mod!
Not really just helping the new members to explore our community
Hey there hahaha
That would be great guys
You guys should check the roadmap at
🖇│official-links
They're starting to build up this community
going to do AMA in future?
so this discord very new?
Just checking in before bed to see if anything new is going on
its a puzzle
was thinking DC as in Dc comics
Oh I thought it was 9 hahaha thanks tho
lol discord
Hey everyone
You just advanced to level 8, pal! Keep on engaging to reach higher level! WAGMI
whats the DC members in stats
It sure is bud
website look sgreat
So I'm advancing to level 9 now?
Ohh hahaha the numbers confuses me a bit
great job, pal you got it right!
Is it T34M M4RS? Hahahaa
Take your time, pal! You'll get it in no time!
I'm bad at puzzles hahaha
You can do it, pal!
It's kinda hard hahhaha but I'll try
Oh is that a word? Hahaha
Feel free to check this out, pal
That's a great prize
yes, pal for you guys to enjoy! first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly
I'd love to join but, what are the mechanics of the game?
wanna join our game,pal ? Feel free to answer this one! 
Ohh you guys created a game?
wanna join our game,pal ? Feel free to answer this one!
maybe,pal but some just played scrambled game
I think everyone is really busy here huh
Hello fam, doing great so far 
How y'all doin?
What's up guys?
yaaay great job pal you got it right!
Anytime, bro
Thank you for your kindness bro
We’ll just keep you posted bro! Stay tuned 
Pal, wanna join our game? Feel free to answer this one!
doing great so far, pal
Just hanging out in LA this weekend. Enjoying the sunshine. How are you?
Hey pal What’s up?
Hey frens
Yes bro I hope I can participate a game again
That's great! Keep engaging, bro!
Ohhh really thank you bro  I will strive to be part of whitelist bro
Ohhh really thank you bro 
I will strive to be part of whitelist bro
There's a possibility that it's part of the requirement of being whitelisted, bro (已编辑)
Bro what is the benefit of being a high level?
Take your time fam 
Take your time fam
Brb
Slr there's a problem here in my office
I like it WAGMI
Lez go boi
Wow that was so fast
Can you enlighten me what's WAGMI
You can make it WAGMI
Level 11 here I come
Owwww
Keep it up
It is because you keep engaging mate!
Why level 3?
Btw I am level 1 yesterday
LEZ GOOO HAHA
Do you guys like riddles?
Okay² haha
You can drop here your answer pal
Where tl answer?
I already participate it pal, you better try it
It has already started pal
When will it be?
Yes fam first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly
But ifyou're getting the right answer, instant level 3?
Its okay to try it pal, no worries about that!
Well I am not good what th that game,
You can take a look at it pal
Nothing much, we just played a scrambled game
What game is that?
You guys talking about game
Good to hear pal
What did I miss here?
I just took my meal
Hey fam What’s up?
We’ll just keep you posted bro! Stay tuned
When is the next game bro haha
Yeheeyyy
Yes bro, congratulations
am i on the list
Wow thank you
yaaay great job bro you got it right!
Ow sorry bro
use the numbers bro
Here is my answer bro (已编辑)
TEAM MARS
You can send it here bro
Where should I put my answer bro
Yes bro, unscramble that words 
Yes bro, unscramble that words
is that the scramble words bro below
Sure bro just take your time No need to rush!
Ok bro hahaha Im just learning it so that I have a lot of ideas hahaha
This is it bro.
We'll let you know when it's time bro! First, let's build the community, lfg
Owww where can I see the question bro
It has already started bro some got the rewards already 
Hey bro how to join the waitlist
It has already started bro some got the rewards already
yo that's great to hear
When it will start bro?
Hello fam, doing great so far
been alright hbu
Hi do you have a good day pal?
How are ya'll
Once you got the correct answer bro!
Am I already in the first 50 bro?
take your timee broo
I'm confused bro wait haha
You can share here your answer bro 
You can share here your answer bro
Owwhh I directly became haha
Anytime bro, first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly WAGMI
When
Really bro?
Bro, wanna join our game? Feel free to answer this one! 
Bro, wanna join our game? Feel free to answer this one!
That’s good to hear bro, i’m also fine!
Always fine bro
Hello bro, how are you?
Hi bro
Sure pal  Enjoy your time.
Sure pal Enjoy your time.
Be back pal
Thank you pal Take your time
I had a great time here 
I had a great time here
Gotta do some household chores fam
I am having great conversation with you guys
Well actually it is my hobby to explore something new thats why i ended up here , It looks like i am enjoying her pal
I got interested and here I am, landing here
I have a friend and he's into nfts that's why I found this.
How did everyone discover this project btw? It's still very under the radar.
I can tell
Yeah, you're in the right place.
Thats great to hear 
Thats great to hear
Oh, I'm on a few other servers. But this one's the most exciting right now by far.
love my pet
Im put him back his mother's womb HAHAHA just kidding
Just a thought
U might look for room where ur dog can't get in pal hahaha
im just wondering if you guys , do have other server aside from EY3kon
Any server
Well, I should tell
Your dog must be enjoying your internet wire 
Which server is that?
Are you active in other server?
Your dog must be enjoying your internet wire
Nahhhh, im embarassed by my dog , he almost cut the internet wire 
It's been on my workout playlist for ages. Always get my hyped.
If Jaden Smith isn't into NFTs yet, he's about to be
Suits really well fam  
Great find Yanni
Nahhhh, im embarassed by my dog , he almost cut the internet wire
Hello there pal, what's up?
Hey Pals
Suits really well fam
"I am just an EY3KON living"  
"I am just an EY3KON living"
Such an amazing video  wow it could be! 
Amazing! Eye catching huh
Such an amazing video wow it could be! (已编辑)
sure thing, pal
But I'm a believer!
I'm really happy to be part of this community
It certainly has all the potential! All down to execution now.
we have...tens and tens of projects bro, This is different
We've been around long enough to know.
Yeah, man. This one hits different.
Really cool!
people buy into shitty projects made by 20 year olds and here we have a team of literal all stars
I agree, thats what Ive been saying
When people realise what's going on here it's gonna explode.
Yeah. And one of the advisors created Guardians of the Galaxy. It's nuts.
Its cool right?
which is where the creator is from
Pretty much like the Marvel Universe.
Yeah thats what it has to be
The thing with T34M M4RS makes me think there will be different factions and worlds within the EY3KON metaverse. Different characters, different storylines. 
It all plays into the roadmap of games and immersive storytelling. So psyched!
The thing with T34M M4RS makes me think there will be different factions and worlds within the EY3KON metaverse. Different characters, different storylines. (已编辑)
As of now, we already have our website pal (已编辑)
What'd u mean by timeline pal
I agree with you pal
EY3KON gonna be EY3KONIC whenever it launches. Do yall have any timeline, or just working on things for now?
You can do it with some time and effort!
I've found that there's there's this little gap between memorized and fluent. When it becomes automatic, you're fluent. So fluency comes in stages
Guess you're really good at memorising
It's key. I run a business and then go on to do some alpha calls LOL
I travel a lot so I'm forced to learn languages. In my opinion, it's the only way to do it
Time management is also important, right pal?
Gni if you put in the work
We always wish you luck pal 
Congratulations to your rewards fam Thank you for participating! (已编辑)
You're really good, I'm jealous
We always wish you luck pal
But spanish is my favorite
I speak a bunch of Languages
I'm japanese but I speak mexican spanish fluently
U Spanish pal?
Me too!
Looking forward to have more fun with you guys as always 
Looking forward to have more fun with you guys as always
That's a talent pal hahahaha
Never wanted to work a 9-5, now I work 25/8
You can suggest that to the
📨│suggestions channel fam (已编辑)
Hahaha yeah, I mod a few servers and I'm doing some alpha research
Looking forward for more great things here pal
Multi tasker pal hahaha that's good flexible
Do you think we can get a spanish channel?
Congrats pal, you deserve it!
Lfg ayooo
Wow you got it pal
I'm doing a bunch of stuff but just makibg my discord rounds hahaha
Fr pal
Leetspeak skills coming in handy fr
Love these ones
Sounds fun ngl
You rock it pal
I’m also good pal, wanna join our game? 
I’m also good pal, wanna join our game?
Just chillin here pal
Hiya. Watcha up to?
Good hbu?
We’ll just let you know when there will be an announcement for the WL spot pal Let us build first the community, LFG
Since I think i have level 3, can I get WL? 
You got it right pal 
You got it right pal
Since I think i have level 3, can I get WL?
Having lots of pet pal?
Great job guys!
We'll its kind of hard to surf when your pet will unplug the routers lol
T34M M4RS Hey
Yay nice one fam
Yess Better share to us your answer pal (已编辑)
Sounds Good ahhhhh 
Sounds Good ahhhhh
Wow great!
First 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly    WAGMI 
Have goodnight sleep fam
First 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly WAGMI
Night folks. Getting late here
Yay great answer pal
It’s got a lovely retro 80s aesthetic to it.
Drop it
Lets have some fun 
Lets have some fun
Here’s the game guys!!
Super pleased with the work
It’s looking amazing man. Great work.  
which is really cool.
and you're early. like EARLY EARLY
3LON MU5K
Feel free to answer it guys Good luckk!
I'd love too
Hi guys, let’s plaaay a game  rn  
I love when you fall into top tier projects early. No idea how I stumbled across this.
Hi guys, let’s plaaay a game rn (已编辑)
Have some any games pal?
Isnt it good to play games ?
The first character of the project will be shown soonest
Whoa, awesome. Great to have you in the Discord, bro. So excited for what you're creating here.
I'm sure pal. If they'd know how interesting this project is
Hold up... is this THE Adam?.. As in, X-Force Adam? 
And yes, I agree. But I'm a writer so I guess I create my pictures with words?
I sometimes watch pal but I'm not really fond of it
For sure, thought they will all come running in when word gets out
Hold up... is this THE Adam?.. As in, X-Force Adam?
Sounds great pal! We need more invites to make this community grow
Arent you my friends love actions mov?
What's the most interesting series you've watched so far
That sounds nice
Will try and get some invites out
Oh awesome
Their's a new twitter and insta update pal, might want to check it 
Jinx again AHAHAH
Their's a new twitter and insta update pal, might want to check it
🐦︱tweets
I love him too
How are things? Any updates?
I just loved Eun Woo-kun coz he can always make the girl having a romantic excitement towards him coz he's just too perfect
The vibes 
Evening mate
The presentation is great too
Evening folks
We have slot of story to share
And never say with words, what you can show in pictures
Totally! Is our vision
I totally agree. I feel it's way underutilsed in the NFT space, but I get the feeling EY3KON's about to change that.
Storytelling is EV3RYTH1NG!
That's kind of you to say and it's so true. The community is essential for building any project. It's nice to be part of this one so early.
The vibes
That's a talent pal
HAHAHAHA likewise mate I'm one of those too
Haha you know how I am with words... can't suppress the storyteller in me.
Amazin tweet bro. My one was shorter 
Coming from a heavy hitter himself, I appreciate the compliment!
So you don't like em coz they're like perfect already right? HAHAHA
get some new blood in here
yeah I'll share with both accounts
Gonna use my power to share it to the world
Indeed everyone is
Super duperrr
I bet everyone is excited 
I bet everyone is excited
Thats nice my friend
That's really exciting
No oh lol hahaha I'm just one of those hopeless romantic pal
Oh i guess you're really a k-drama addict HAHAHA I bet you can relate to it coz u have special someone aint you? HAHAHA
I'm gonna stay at home  too, watch my fav K-series
So excited for you all to see it and be a part of building it with us
It's kinda exciting
Lots of stuff being cooked!
Lots of stuff to reveal!
Does?
hihihihi
Is anyone here found the plot twist for the project?
Not really lol they're damn have beautiful faces, I don't like it
Oh why is it? Don't you love their faces? HAHAHA
I agree pal
Eyyy, thats nIce
I'm gonna stay at home too, watch my fav K-series
Im trying to organizeebweything at home but i  wll stay here atm 
Wazzzup Bro
Im trying to organizeebweything at home but i wll stay here atm
Any plans for the day pal
Oh before I used too, but now I don't anymore
Amazin tweet bro. My one was shorter
Damn dude hey. Good to see a heavy hitter here
Just done
Made a lil Tweet if you wann RT it  
Ohhhh Thats  Good
Ohhhh Thats Good
But what I love the most is the K-pop mate
Well if it isn't SHUNNED himself! 
Stil Gel
Hey gel, wazzup
I guess the same too
T34M M4RS   Who are the mods?
Well if it isn't SHUNNED himself!
Also... is this a hint at potential factions or worlds within the EY3KON-verse?
Oh im glad you're into it too
We're on the same track mate 
T34M M4RS 

Who are the mods?
Yeah i guess
I guess everyone's kinda busy atm 
But I've watched mostly romance coz i feel like I am the guy in the story HAHAHAH i mean even though i cannot relate because i haven't experienced it but the romantic excitement you can feel is lit mate HAHAHAHA
Me too
hey Yanni
Just gave it a RT!
We're on the same track mate
I love watching romance, romantic comedy, mystery and suspense
I guess everyone's kinda busy atm
Yes i do HAHAHA
What genre do u watch sometimes pal?
Yeah I'm into it I always loved K-drama I just only watched it in TV not on the website itself
Haha okay mate, I thought you were really into it 
AHAHAHAHA that's just to good to be true
Haha okay mate, I thought you were really into it
I mean I love em at all
Uhm I'm plannin' to say yes but not always
It needs manifesting mate haha
That's too impossible to happen mate
U love K-series too?
Oh really? Same vibes mate AHAHAH
I love Koreans 
I thought ur sayin the truth pal hahaha
Joke im just jokin'
I love Koreans
Together with my crush Sana in twice
Oh that's good to hear pal
Im from Dallas and I currently lived here in korea
Yes pal
Wow! That’s great, so its a chill day for you 
You too pal
Wow! That’s great, so its a chill day for you
Hello hope you have a good day
Yea pal thanks! Gladly it's my rest day today
Oh that’s sad to hear, maybe you should get  your body some rest pal! 
Oh that’s sad to hear, maybe you should get your body some rest pal! (已编辑)
Hello pal, how are you?
I overworked out and now I'm having body sore
Oh really?
I’m glad that you handled it well pal
I had a long day yesterday guys 
I had a long day yesterday guys
Yea pal
Ahuh! What a great start 
Asia fam, wbu? Haha
Which part of the earth is Sunday already? 
Which part of the earth is Sunday already?
Ahuh! What a great start
Wbu guyses?
Sleep well FAM! Hope you get to comment first on your fave Youtuber.
good morning, sleep well 
I'm having my coffee rn
cya!
Thank you fam! Have a great day too
See ya'll later
good morning, sleep well
Good morning, have a great day homie!!
Good morning guys 
Happy Sunday to all
Good morning guys
Good morning fam
hahaha
XCOPY art? yeah, what about them
No AI sounds cool fam
Much Appriciated. Will do it again
lol i tried to sound like an AI
U sounded cool ngl
Was that ur voice???
thanks fam! enjoyed it!
WWOOOHHHH!!!
That was 58 mins long session
accurate accurate
It fits the beat
This me dancing to this music
can't argue with that
true true
Its just #Facts
words of wisdom  
words of wisdom
Fair Enough
Can't be sleepy when u slept the whole day
well you said earlier you've slept, no wonder you're energetic rn  
Plus my favorite youtuber posts at 6:15am, Im tryna get first comment(๑•̀ㅂ•́)و✧
Dont worry FAM i can share the music with you
Just a few more minutes,  I just wanna listen to a bit more music
well you said earlier you've slept, no wonder you're energetic rn
Meta timings BRO!
Just a few more minutes, I just wanna listen to a bit more music
bro get some sleep 
bro get some sleep
WOW
I'll sleep after a few minutes
Yep it's 6 and I haven't gotten some sleep
i think its early in the morning in japan
timewise
Wdym by late fam?
It must be late for you?
Its ok fam
Yeah I was even turning up the volume
Sorry you could hear other thing too ;P
excellent choice man!
the one that youre playing rn? yup sounds superb
is the audio quality good?
Oh yeah this team is dope!
you can check this out in the website under EY3K0N Squad
must be similar bc EY3K0N team is composed of film makes
am i allowed to share link here?
Ohh its an NFT artist? how long have u been minting NFT's? u sure do know alot (已编辑)
his art style is also reflected in the ARCANE series
havent hear about him
check out his work
Good NFT artist
Nope, sorry fam
anyone familiar with Xcopy?
While I'm blind
especially when things get dramatic
Guess I'll watch it later then
i see the similarities
Wait really?
at some level you relate the art style of EY3K0N with ARCANE
Better than ML lol
Already heard the music and it was a banger
its about the characters from LoL right?
You’re missing out Fam...
Same here, I heard its really good tho
havent watched this yet
ARCANE fans?
They are awesome i think i am gettting the taste
I see but nicely narrated
Its not much of a big thing here in japan but my friends and I like it cuz Japan is sexist So a house husband is like a big thing for me and a few people like it only happens 1 in a million or something 
Guess u could say I'm an addict
Its not much of a big thing here in japan but my friends and I like it cuz Japan is sexist So a house husband is like a big thing for me and a few people like it only happens 1 in a million or something (已编辑)
i think the animations is their art style or something
Now for a normie like me in the anime world its quite cool but seems like you can tell the quality
Yeah i love the story and comedy wish they could improve the animations tho
Its dope
YO I LOVE THAT ONEEE
anyone saw that?
ohh that show is good
The way of house husband.
Gokufushodu
fortunately i finished one anime series today on netflix
Not many but obviously DBZ fan...
U know a little japanese, I'm guessing u watch anime? 
U know a little japanese, I'm guessing u watch anime? (已编辑)
Hahaha and that where my japanese finishes 
Well said
it's the thought that counts 
Hahaha and that where my japanese finishes
it's the thought that counts
It says konnichiwa thats all
I didn't understood the japenese text but 
I didn't understood the japenese text but
Even tho we are FAM in metaverse ;P
Oh you're from the other side of the world, so farrr hahahah
I am from England 
Oknichiva Eimi san 
I am from England
Oknichiva Eimi san
What about u homie?
Oh I'm from Shibuya Japan
Where are you all from if that okay to answer ?
Just not to miss out on the detail. I am professionally Project Manager. I also worked as PM for NFT collectible project.
we will always tell you guys any updates, stay tuned   
No prob fam
Thanks for the shoutout Fam 
Thanks for the shoutout Fam
YESSS!!
LFGGG 
LFGGG
LFG  
we will always tell you guys any updates, stay tuned
I would love to be a part of the team if there are any opportunities .... 
I would love to be a part of the team if there are any opportunities ....
Absolutely! there is no doubt
as of now, we are currently focusing in making this community grow to give you all the best experience
agreed agreed
Appreciate
U have great taste homie
Thats what project vibe is
It gives me a futuristic-ish vibe and i like it
it suits it
I am sure experts have different opinion ;P
sounds cool
i think the music suits the project
Perfect for discord disco (已编辑)
ill be there in a bit
Yeah the music is a bop
check out the new posts in IG and twitter in our
🐦︱tweets
Fam! did you watch the trailer?
How long have u been a fan?
Yeah its great! I love how the bass sounds in my headphones
yes
I like it
Is it his music that you're playing atm?
Hi fam! how was ur day? (已编辑)
Just seeing what this is all about!
welcome
Yo! Fam Wuz gud
He's music artist
Hey peeps!
Whats that homie? is that a famous singer?
Listen to some chilled music in the voice chat
or fan of Coccolino deep?
Does anyone like deep house music?
glad to have you back!
Thanks Ser 
M4RS?
Which part of M4RS you from? 
Just chilling here while chatting other anime servers tbh
Which part of M4RS you from?
WBU?
listening to some AMA and checking out some NFT projects
Pretty much Chilled...
Good as well! how was ur day homie?
Good Eimi! how about you?
Thanks Ser
wc back! 
Hey fam! how are u??
wc back!
Thanks Yo! Howdy???
indeed indeed
Yeah makes sense, why not am i right?
well you know what the say that nothing is impossible
Felt cute, might change the world
Sounds like an interesting idea
could be could be
Maybe trying to solve world hunger through nfts?
it probably was 
it probably was
Makes u wonder what he/she was thinking about that was really Complex
long thoughts  
long thoughts
That "Hm" that lasts for a day tho
all the suggestions sound great
Yeah whatever job he has, he deserves a raise
indeed that was a good one
Especially the DW3LL3RS one
I was just reading the other suggestions and they really have good ideas hahahah
team work makes the dream work!
Agree! Especially knowing that the other members are suggesting ways for them to be able to help make this community better
surely we will reach that goal  
surely we will reach that goal
LFG! 
once we reach 1k members here, we will know
Now I'm convinced that she really is the first character lol
stay tuned to find out! 
stay tuned to find out!
I thought she might be the first character
That girl on the
🐦︱tweets channel already looks really cool ngl
yes hopefully! cant wait to see the first character  
yes hopefully! cant wait to see the first character
Same here! Hopefully we'll reach 1k members soon!!!
indeed im glad we are all part of this community!
It just shows how they want to help this community improve as well
good good nice to see more people suggesting here
Ok then
put it in our
📨│suggestions channel, so that it will be heard
okay okay no worries
Wait imma go check on the name
Its the game in a server that im in thats about anime and alot of people keep on playing it nonstop
sounds like a great game to me
I forgot the name of the bot, but the bot gives a picture and we have to guess what it means
I do have a suggestion for a game tho
dont worry im sure you can think of more splendid ideas!
Oh damn, lowkey sad that i didnt suggest it first tho but glad it was suggested anyways
i think this was suggested in the 
📨│suggestions  channel
great minds do think a like
i think this was suggested in the
📨│suggestions channel
Might even be known as OGs maybe
early birds gets the worm
Super early which is awesome
And I'm glad i did
Oh someone gave me an invite through discord and i just accepted it
How’s you find it then?
LFG!!!!
Een tho i haven't seen it yet, I bet it is!!
Excited
The twitter marketing is
LFGGG!!
nice nice! dont forget to share it with your friends LFG!! 
nice nice! dont forget to share it with your friends LFG!!
Willl check it out later when i redownload insta thanks!
there is also a new post in our instagram! like and share, see it in our 
  channel!
there is also a new post in our instagram! like and share, see it in our
🐦︱tweets channel!
Thats one heck of a code guessing hahahaha
sorry to hear about that
Oh wow, u must be pretty smart then homie
It’s not clear in twitter
Haha yea I just guessed the code
Maybe someone gave u the wrong code? but what matters now is that you're here with the fam now
sorry to hear about that, glad you got in already
That’s what I mean
The code wouldn’t work the past couple of days I tried
we are slowly progressing to make this server work at it's best
Oh i think so too, since the other channels are still pretty empty
The discord
Maybe?
Chat ?
Lol thanks
Good one
What did homie?
Even better, it's going to orbit the entire solar system soon
I haven’t seen many project like this.  It’s defo moon 
Did this just open!? I’ve been trying for days
I haven’t seen many project like this.

It’s defo moon
Ikr??!! Makes me curious how unique the nfts are going to be
The lady with long wavy hair and glitch effect on the trailer looks soo bad ass 
Oh hey fam, u appeared out of nowhere how was ur day?
LFG!!!
The lady with long wavy hair and glitch effect on the trailer looks soo bad ass
LFGG!!
Let’s go!!
Hey everyone! Check out the new tweet! Kindly make sure to leave a like and RT Let’s all work together to reach 1,000 discord members to unveil the first character!
to see the tweet its in our
🐦︱tweets channel!
Hey everyone! Check out the new tweet! Kindly make sure to leave a like and RT
Let’s all work together to reach 1,000 discord members to unveil the first character!
Thats the SPIRIT
lol doper than dope 
lol doper than dope
Happy to on be here
Oh its just a name of a famous actress homie Ur name is pretty cool as well
Glad you're here now tho, while i actually forgot who invited me here I usually just accept invites to random servers lol
Like your name fam what does it mean? If you don’t mind.
nice nice!
Woah really? Glad theres more people then, soon this chatroom will get messages 24/7
have you checked out our website? if not check it out on our 
  channel!
(But a cheating spouse is never ok btw dont go looking for other families if u have one)
That it wasn’t this engaging in this chat room
have you checked out our website? if not check it out on our
🖇│official-links channel!
We're glad u got in man, the more family the merrier
What are u writing for homie?
glad y'all got here early! happy to have you guys on board!
Can’t believe I actually got in
Days been great so far
I was writing few weeks back it was very idle
Small group still! Exciting
Imma so happy that this projects got momentum now
No its ok fam, I just agreed with u with the W4TCH3R being awesome
You too 
Psyched to be here!
Heya it’s chilled. Hbu?
glad to help! how are you guys?
Hi there btw, how was ur day?
You too
Ikr
You’re Aw3s0me 
You’re Aw3s0me
already gave you your reward! LFG!!  
Thanks!
How was ur day?
Hi fam! Welcome!
Hey everyone!
We Are Going Mars Icon
WAGMI homie!
Thanks homie, Likewise
thank you so much! feels good to be appreciated, glad that you're part in this community homie!
U just inspired me to make this community maintain a safe environment ahhahah
I can tell, you've been really active and is always trying to engage in this community, really appreciate ur efforts homie
My suggestions are bad ideas most of the time, trust me, the "we're all going to make it" is better
this sounds cool tho 
thank you, I enjoy this community
anytime
You're a really hardworking W4TCH3R homie
this sounds cool tho
Yeah thats true, Thank you for answering my question tho!!
I juet thought it was "We are going Mars icon"
its never embarrassing to learn new knowledge
Ohhhh
This is just embarrassing lmao
nice nice, looks pretty good to me
Cant find the M inside the square, or maybe I'm just blind (已编辑)
Bruh hahaha
agreed! let's make this community grow! WAGMI!
Oh nice, I can already tell this server will be better than ever soon, hopefully more people will play games with us as well
we are slowly getting on the progress of making this server work at it’s best
I noticed that some channels are empty btw, whats up with that?
Oh damn, can't wait already
only that, we will keep you guys updated for further stuff like this, Stay tuned  
only that, we will keep you guys updated for further stuff like this, Stay tuned
There are different levels right? when's the second one?
nice nice its always good to look twice!
Nice! I was about to answer it as Team "Rams", good thing i looked again
nice one! you got it on your first try! (已编辑)
T34M M4RS is the first one
click this it will direct you to the game
Oh whats the game about? I'm pretty interested hahahah
for now just here
Is there a game thats ongoing? which channel?
No problem
thank you 
dy want to join the game?
Nice, glad to know you're taking enough rest homie
I can tell you're awake judging from the previous messages, you've been active since 3 hours ago, damn
no, i just slept perfectly
Wait really? did u drink alot of coffee?
you should rest again if you want to, me? im so awake rn
Nah still want some sleep tbh what about u pal?
nice glad to hear you had a proper sleep, you must be feeling refreshed
Same here, I got alot of sleep done earlier
it was great actually, how about you man?
Hey man how are u? how was ur day so far?
welcone back!
Hey guys (已编辑)
welcome back!!
W4GM1
Hey there. I'm back!
Really glad to be here as well!
glad to have you on board!!
Thats the name of the game and EY3K0N is definitely on top of it
another great suggestion!! I like your innovative mind pal!
From now on. WAGMI shall be referred to as W4GM1 , EY3K0N will continue to innovate and change the game
WAGMI indeed!
WAGMI!!
LFG!!! Bullish on EY3K0N
saw your awesome  suggestion, stay tuned! 
saw your awesome suggestion, stay tuned!
Before they move up the ladder
Normal users could also be called DW3LL3RS or 1NH4B1T4NTS
nice nice it sounds awesome
Or GU4RD1AN5
That's an awesome suggestion! you can put in on our
📨│suggestions channels!
You guys should be called 0V3RS33RS
nice one!! already gave your reward check it on #deleted-channel channel
That was amazing!
Thank you for participating!
nice nice! your answer is correct!
Dm’ed you the answer
Do i dm you the answer?
wdyt is the answer?
here it is!
Lets goooo
doing great actually! btw we have a game on going! dy wanna join?
Doing good brother thanks for asking. You?
Waxzzaaaaaaah
yooo welcome!
Wazzzaaaaaaaaaahp
already gave you your reward! LFG!!
Hi there. I am new here.
Here ser how you doing?
I am happy that I am part of this too.
Nc one!! LFG!
T34M M4RS 
really glad you're part of this mate
That's great to know haha.
we want to give you the best that we can
Oooh i think I can't wait for those thinhs to come
me too it's fun
great things come to those to wait
I also enjoy games like this haha
That is great. I am very much excited when it comes to things like this.
regarding this, this is also to be dated, as of now let's focus on making this community bigger
hmm and how can I get wl spot
stay tuned for that
Btw, besides about the game. are there any future events that every members can benefit?
mhmm mhmm
okay okay so
stay safe mate!
okay
no worries take your time
brb
wait
You can see a pattern if you include the numbers.
yes this is crucial
What about the numbers? Don't forget to include them.
trime from
I wish I could tell you the answer but I also experienced thinking hard about it hahaha
this is so close
you can always try again
i still don't have it
anyways
Just don't forget the nunbers.
still don't have any idea
U can do it!
here is the game! anyone interested to answer, please do!
my brain ain't working
Have you answered already the scrambled words?
welcome! (已编辑)
GM Rebels
mhm don't forget the numbers pal
Don't forget the numbers. They helped me.
you got this!
mygad I can't think
U can definitely do it
take your time, no rush here
lemmi think
hmm
almost!
the other one was close
Don't forget the numbers.
use the numbers as well pal!
mate mars
Ur so cloooose
tame rams
close enough!
mate rams
tame mars?
I know u can do it!
its 2 words
its a 1 word?
idk either
So what is ur guess?
i know you can!
you can do it!!
That's the spirit!
but i wont sleep if i cant answer
It made me scratch my head
my brain is dead
I wonder what the answer is hmmmmmmmm
I had a hard time thinking about the answer
wdyt it is?
so basically the first 50 who can unscramble this "3M4T 4RSM" will win a reward
You just need to think what 3M4T 4RSM is
Lfg!!!
ahh can u explain it in a simpler way
here it is! LMK your answer
yea but it hasn't started
You just have to guess the scrambled words
i thought the game is starting
Well, i gues shrek is better than having hulk as my son. It would be so much mess.
shrek is cool tho
green, and instead of looking like gamora it will look like shrek
When u said that I was thinking about having a green and a purple child 
When u said that I was thinking about having a green and a purple child
That would be so funny to name my child thanos haha.
u can name ur  child if its a girl name her gamura
thanus
or gamora and the other one is thanhs
unscramble the letters!
u can name ur child if its a girl name her gamura
its already happening
I think it is happening at the moment.
and what time would it be happening
Yeah. I was also thinking about doing it to my future children
what kind of game
cool name
btw guys we have a game ongoing!
thats cool!
I just remembered that my friend named his son Jarvis because he is an ironman fan haha.
Glad to hear!
hmmm probably the iron man 2?
Yup! Marvel.
marvel?
Soo fine
Great too. Had a beautiful day with my family
doin finee just finished
What movie is your fave? Mine is endgame.
doing great!
How are yall doing?
Whats good friends. Finally back
I watched some
It was great! I just watched marvel movies. Have you seen any marvel movies?
Hows ur yesterday
Wow, I'm doing fine y'all.
Hey there. I am very fine. Wbu?
yeaa
yoo welcome back!
how are y'all
yo hi
happy to hear that! thanks for being part of this!
I am also thinking about it too. I think this website is the best I have ever seen.
Yea it’s one of the best websites I have seen for an NFT project
THANK YOU LFG
I would love to do that. I'm sure my friends would love this community.
glad to know you like it! invite your friends here to help grow our community!
Whoa. The website is so awesome and cool too.
okay thank you!
Nice! I will check it now and see the website.
have you checked out our website? you can check it out in our
🖇│official-links channel!
Yess! I would gladly do that. I am just excited for more things like this.
just stay tuned for updates!
oh im sure you will!
I think I am going to have lots of fun here.
thank you so much for participating! glad to have you here in our community!
anyone else wanna answer?
Ooh. Thank you so much for that. I am glad I got it right. Haha.
ill give you your rewards now!
T34M M4RS  Am I right?
T34M M4RS

Am I right?
Thank you for that. I think I am going to have fun here.
Still spots available
Hey guys! Just a newbie here. Can I also join the game?
lfgggg
LMK your answer
yes its still on
Am I super late? Is it still on?
Am I super late?
Is it still on?
this one
wait ill ping you
Quiz up above mate
there's a game we are playing
welcome back!
Awesome LMFG!
check your rank again i gave you the reward just now   LFG
check your rank again i gave you the reward just now LFG
no worries pal!
I’m dyslexic, so took me awhile 
I’m dyslexic, so took me awhile
nice one pal! 
close enough almost there mate!
always! I'm always excited to these games (已编辑)
let's get that level mate!!
Sure mate. It's fun participating
thanks for participating!
no worries!
ohh I received it! thanks for this
nice one! first 50 to answer correctly will advance ;evels instantly
I have received it. Thank you!!
check #deleted-channel channel
what reward
nice one! have you already received your reward earlier?
anyone else wanna answer? first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly   
anyone else wanna answer? first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly
yes you can if you like!
hello cm! how are you
I'll get back to you on this, thanks for asking!
welcome welcome!
I'm doing great mate. Wby?
Yow what's up?
Rad name!!
W4TH3RS  Are we going the change names matching the project name? 
Wazzapppppp
W4TH3RS 
Are we going the change names matching the project name? (已编辑)
Thank youu even though I'm a little late answering
you're correct! 
nice nice! keep it up guys!
You're good
omg jdnkdsnmvj I wasn't expecting to get it right 
Black panther. My fave moviee
you're correct!
Thx W4TCH3R
That info will be useful later on
so nice, so early !
thanks mlem!
omg jdnkdsnmvj I wasn't expecting to get it right
Good going Congrats!
nice one!
So good!
Yay! you got it right!
Good to see messages in this group
GM GM
T34M M4RS
Does anyone of you knows the answer? Let us know  
Does anyone of you knows the answer? Let us know
Konbanwa!!!
Yeah i noticed
Nope 
Just A Very Little
u speak japanese? 
Looking forward!
Hello Fam! Dropping a little clue to give you guys something fun unscramble this and let a mod know your answer, first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly and anyone you give the answer to can join the server at level 3! Good luck  3M4T 4RSM
u speak japanese?
You new here?
Doing great!!
You?
Great!!
Hello!! How's your day?
Helloo!!! Welcome back!
Konnichiwa
Ola!
Hello Fam! Dropping a little clue to give you guys something fun unscramble this and let a mod know your answer, first 50 to get it right advance 3 levels instantly and anyone you give the answer to can join the server at level 3! Good luck

3M4T 4RSM
welcome back
hello!
hello im back
Ohhh i see it's cute tho hehe
It's actually a nft project
Hehe thanks
I like your username. Spiritual kitty
I'm doing so well
Good
How's your day going?
Hello mate!
I like watching life style shows as well
I am doing great
hey pal! how you doin?
Ohh that's cool
I'm more into lifestyle
What shows do you usually watch?
Especially when he told the cook he's sandwich
Nah, sadly I'm not into that
Yeahh hahaha i like it when he yells
I do. I've watched it yesterday
I think it's funny whenever gordon yells at chefs lmao
do u guys watch kitchen nightmares??
Yeah. It's so entertaining to watch
it was excellent
ohh that's good
there are lots on youtube lol
Ohh how's your coffee?
I'm doing good! Just finished my iced coffee lmao
doin' so fine mate. how about you?
Doing great actually. I'm having a great time watching some baking shows
how are u guys doing btw
(已编辑)
Me as well!!! Excited how this comes out.
Me too! I'm excited to see this grow
We're in accord. I am so excited to see how this project unfolds. 
We're in accord. I am so excited to see how this project unfolds.
I already checked it out. It's amazing!!!
You can check our roadmap which is already in the website mate. Feel free to explore. Here is the link 
Agreed.
the site looks awesome!
May I ask what are the future plans of your project?
As what our road map says, our big vision is to explore a whole new sub-genre of entertainment, an interactive experience that pours onto the big screen. For you to know more about our project, you can check it in our website, link is attached in this channel
🖇│official-links (已编辑)
can you tell me more about your project?
sounds great. likewise
Ohh welcome!!!
all is well how about you?
im new here
hey there, how are you?
You from sweden? Just curious
Hello there!!!
hello there!
Oh no no. We don't want that lol
good, don't want anyone dying lmao
I won't haha. I'll eat slowly
ooohh have a nice meal, don't choke 
ooohh have a nice meal, don't choke
Brb also. I'm hungry I'm going to eat hehe
Yeahh sure mate. Have great day
okay okay have a nice day ahead
I have to go
Haha sorry I got busy here hahaha brb guys
Yeah looking forward
what's the next category lol
The more merrier
Yeah, it would be more fun
That would be awesome if 3 or more play it
Yoou guys are good haha
Ohh we played well tho
That was trial
Vin diesel
Good hahaa
nicholas cage
Ryan Gosling
andy samberg
Timothee Chalamet
leonardo di caprio
Johnny deep
Deadpool
ryan reynolds (已编辑)
Tom cruise
Brad Pitt
Name a male holiwood artist Goooo
Ohh I'm up to some game
Exactly, it increases my appetite
esp the spicy ones 
esp the spicy ones
Kinda bored here at my office haha
Ohh how do you play it? (已编辑)
Game*
Like naming games
It's so delicious, I wanted to eat more
yes!!
Can we play games here?
You mention it
Best boiled egg paired with a ramen
Woah, it's nice to know that (已编辑)
Oooh, thanks for the infooo
And that's 1 minutes
yes it's exactly what I do every time I want my hard boiled eggs to have a slightly runny yolk, it stops the egg from cooking itself from the heat it had from the boiling water
They compare the b.egg that one that doesn't put to cold water after it cook and the one that's been put to it, they discover different color of the eggyolk
I'mma try that maybe tomorrow, that sounds kinda fun
I don't exactly have one rn tho so Imma grab one from the grocery store now
There's a video, on how to cook. The boiled egg is after you boiled it it has to be put on cold water, for there's a chemical reaction that makes the boiled egg more Delicious and safe
Yummy
Good suggestion especially the flamin hot one
YEEES! One of my faves hahaha
oohhh they're nice to eat esp with some salt on the egg yolk
Just ate my hard boiled eggs 
Just ate my hard boiled eggs
it'd be nice to have some cheetos
nice! Eat welly with your snacks
Yeah, sure I'll buy some later.
maybe you can buy at a convenience store near you
Thank youu. I hope this works
awe  don't worry there's always room for improvement
Ohh now I'm craving for some chips
awe don't worry there's always room for improvement
just some chips mate like lays (已编辑)
Like yesterday didn't turned out so well
Not really. I am still learning
omg you're a baker?
I've been searching some good recipe for cookies haha
Cool. What's your fave snack? (已编辑)
Same here! Just sipping iced coffee lol
Just chillin, eating some snacks
It's kinda cold here tho
How's the weather there?
Thank youu. I'll be here hanging with you guys
We are glad that you're here.
oh yall having a bad weather or something?
All good mate. Just finished some important works. How bout you?
Just find some free time to be here
How you doin, mate? (已编辑)
Hello everyone!!!
Hey there! Nothing much. How about you?
just talking about the weather thingy
hey there!!
eyy what's up
which one pal? (已编辑)
A beach ? Yes
Have you been to one pal?
yess I couldn't agree moree
they're like a music to our ears 
Yes
they're like a music to our ears
Oh that's rightt beautiful beaches
ohh I see you love mountains too
Well, there's a lot here in Asia
I totally agree with that pal I just love the sound of the waves
Beach is where I can find peace 
But most likely I prefer going to mountains
Beach is where I can find peace
do you have any fav beaches pal?
yess me too I love going to the beach
Well yes, sunny days is what I crave when I wanna go beachin 
Well yes, sunny days is what I crave when I wanna go beachin
oh I see I love sunny days tho
Yes, I so love that kind of weather. 
Yes, I so love that kind of weather.
Not a problem at all.
Sorry for making the rain go away HAHAHAHA
It all came to my place now hahaha
oh I see
What a coincidence, the rain here just got out of my place hahahah
yeah, it's raining hard in here
ohh it's raining in there huh
just chillin' while listening to the sound of the rain
Just listening to some music mate, how about you
what are you guys up to?
How's your sleep hahaha
Morning 
congratttsss pal! way to goo
Good morning! :)
thanks bot!
coffee sounds good for mornings
About to grabs ome coffee
I'm doing good! I just woke up
Doing good so far :)  How about you? :)
sure, you got me!
yes pal I won't risk my health thanks for that
Anytime! God Bless you too
Thank youuuuu! Godbless to u too Mia, to whatever you are on right now 
Thank youuuuu! Godbless to u too Mia, to whatever you are on right now
Amazing!!! Keep it up. I'm rooting for you 
Amazing!!! Keep it up. I'm rooting for you
Yes, been prioritizing my health lately but also giving good results in my work hehe
Good to hear. You have to be conscious with your health now. (已编辑)
Thankful it didn't get any worse
Yes yes yes, I'm all goods now hehe
It's alright. There's nothing to worry
Sorry to hear that, mate. I hope you're all good now.
Thanks for the info
I was about to call you that way, but I thought I may be rude huhu
No but just call me Mia instead. 
Oh, about that, yes you should. For a couple of days I've been so stressed out and didn't get enough sleep at all.. It resulted to me having nose bleeds from time to time huhu
With that, make sure to prioritize your health. Eat welly so you'll have the energy to deal with your hectic sched. Health is wealth 
No but just call me Mia instead.
Sorry, is it supposed to be sir? 
With that, make sure to prioritize your health. Eat welly so you'll have the energy to deal with your hectic sched. Health is wealth
Sorry, is it supposed to be sir?
Is it me whom you are referring as a ma'am? Just making sure 
Is it me whom you are referring as a ma'am? Just making sure
yess I agree with that my sched is so hectic too
That's great! We barely have a stress-free moment now so if we have the chance, we should make the most out of it.  
How's life for you ma'am? and to everyone? hehe
That's great! We barely have a stress-free moment now so if we have the chance, we should make the most out of it. (已编辑)
Yeeees hehe I'm just enjoying myself right now. Savoring my stress-free moment 
Yeeees hehe I'm just enjoying myself right now. Savoring my stress-free moment
just take your chance to rest now so you'll have the energy for the upcoming busy days 
That's nice, when someday I will have a vaca again on Philippines, will u be my guide ?
just take your chance to rest now so you'll have the energy for the upcoming busy days
Will be looking forward to another hectic days 
Surely it is, thank God huhu
Then you're stress-free now? Haha! Your day must've been productive. 
Oh really? :) 
So what places would you recommend if in time I'll be able to visit your place?
Then you're stress-free now? Haha! Your day must've been productive.
oh I wanna go there someday too
Will be looking forward to another hectic days
It was when I was there.
Well not that I'm unlucky, it's just that I just finished some stressful works hahaha
Niceee, lucky for you
same here, I'm stress-free nowadays
ohh I see is it beautiful there?
Also nothing on my side hehe just chilling
Good evening, mate! Nothing much tho, what about you?
Wanna come back for it
I was once there too, it wasn't that perfect at that time, but also heard that it's fine now
Yep, born and raised here.
Yes! I agree. Boracay is better now, a lot cleaner than before! :)  Oh really? Which resort? :)   Where you born and raised there in NZ?
Yeah, it's a popular island and tourist destination. Was getting a bit overcrowded and overdeveloped for a while, but I think it's improved.
Good eveniiiing! What are you guys up to?
that is in the Philippines right?
haven't been to Boracay
When did you last visit Boracay mate?
Yes! I agree. Boracay is better now, a lot cleaner than before! :) 
Oh really? Which resort? :) 

Where you born and raised there in NZ?
The last time I've been in Boracay was not good for their drainage system was epic fail
Where in the Philippines are you and what are you doing for work?
I used to work in media and now in marketing.
Agreed! Really cannot wait to see what this project has in store
Yes, Boracay is a paradise. My friend has a resort there. Yes, the typhoon was devastating.
Did you enjoy your stay in Boracay?  Oh you were here after the Typhoon. That was really a strong typhoon. But happy we've overcome it.   What's your work btw?
Did you enjoy your stay in Boracay? 
Oh you were here after the Typhoon. That was really a strong typhoon. But happy we've overcome it. 

What's your work btw?
mee too pal
so far so good pal 
Really excited guys
If you check the "announcement" l like the part of " Don't just watch the story be part of it
so far so good pal
okayy that's great will do
great pal
Hello there! How's life?
not much for now pal. Just stay tune for updates of the project soon
How many messages do I have to make?
Wow, I haven't level yet
woahh thanks bot
hey pal
Hey what's up?
hey guys (已编辑)
So what did I miss here?
Well a bit busy on upcoming origin about axie infinity,
Hi pal! how are you doing?
This is so cool. Gonna keep my eyes peeled from now on.
I was based in Manila for work, but also visited Boracay, General Santos, and Tacloban (immediately after Typhoon Haiyan in 2013).
Amazing place too. My best friend works there in New Zealand.  I was applying before also in New Zealand but I landed on the job here so. I love my country. :)   Really? What places did you visit? :)
Hahaha lol! 
Nice one bro!
Fr it was jawdropping
A wonderful Saturday mate :)  I'm new here. Nice to meet you :)
Doing good so far :) 
How about you? :)
A wonderful Saturday mate :) 
I'm new here. Nice to meet you :)
HAPPY SATURDAY 
Happy saturday mate. I guess everyone’s doing great. How about you?
Happy Saturday 
Hahaha. 
Why oh why?? Whats your work? :) 

Sometimes I get tired too but still thankful I have a job :)
Shit lol   I’m currently working but I hate work. Wbu
How’s everyone doing
Happy Saturday
HAPPY SATURDAY
Hahaha! Pretty much! There are clues hidden everywhere and the more you figure them out the more you can unlock! Take nothing for granted
Shit lol 

I’m currently working but I hate work. Wbu
Oh I see.  So how's life there in England?  Are you working or still a student?
Amazing place too. My best friend works there in New Zealand. 
I was applying before also in New Zealand but I landed on the job here so. I love my country. :) 

Really? What places did you visit? :)
I'm from New Zealand, but I've been to the Philippines twice. Amazing country and people.
Wow. Thank you for the kind words for Filipinos :)  Really appreciate it :)   Nice to meet you Yanni :)  From where are you?
Oh I see. 
So how's life there in England? 
Are you working or still a student?
Wow. Thank you for the kind words for Filipinos :) 
Really appreciate it :) 

Nice to meet you Yanni :) 
From where are you?
Yeah Filipinos are cool
Yeah I’m English born and bred
Oh really? Haha Yes, a lot of Filipinos already. Every server I go too, I meet fellow Filipinos :)   Were you born and raised there in England?
Oh really? Haha
Yes, a lot of Filipinos already. Every server I go too, I meet fellow Filipinos :) 

Were you born and raised there in England?
Lots of love for people in the Philippines. Some of the kindest people I've ever met.
It was a trend in another server haha. seems to be a lot of Filipinos in the NFT world
Wow! Soo far! :)  Have you been here in Philippines? :)
When you say "everything"... you mean EVERYTHING???
Thank you and Happy Weekend! :)
Wow! Soo far! :) 
Have you been here in Philippines? :)
England !
Need one. It's cold right now :)   Where you from? :)
Need one. It's cold right now :) 

Where you from? :)
we’re glad to have you here too!
Thank you for the welcome :)  Happy to be here :)
Thank you for the welcome :) 
Happy to be here :)
WHOA this is epic! \
welcome to the community mate!
Happy weekend everyone :)  Just new here :)  Looking forward to meet all of you :)
That was fast. How did you know? :)
Filipino ?
Hello :)  Good evening :)
Hello :) 
Good evening :)
Morning.
Happy weekend everyone :) 
Just new here :) 
Looking forward to meet all of you :)
Good morning mate
anytime, mate.
Of course, thank you for assisting
Don’t hesitate to ask if you have questions, mate.
Oh, thats what its for. I was wondering that for a while now. I just remembered to ask now
You get a ticket if you have a message for the mods and the team privately. (已编辑)
i'm curious
what's this ticket for though?
spill it mate
Hey, I have a question though
Fired up
That amazing, there’s so much good stuff coming too!!
oh yeah, really piques the interest of people
Definitely this project is all about mystery
Yeah!
wow, i'd love some mystery and all
Also, there are clues, passwords, ciphers hidden in everything 
This project is looking so great overall
Also, there are clues, passwords, ciphers hidden in everything
Yeah! Keep eyes out, I think it’s coming this evening
I will
Oh really? Cant wait
the announcement later 
there might be some announcement later today. stay tune mate!
the announcement later
I wonder whats it about
Heck yes!!!
i'm excited for that
woah, really?
I think there might be another announcement coming later today!
The team is absolutely bonkers, right!? If this was a traditional start-up model, investors would be like, "Take my money!"
Ohh is it snowing?
very cold
its -3 degrees celsius here
It's okay, the weather is good here. How about in west?
Oh, how's the condition there?
Somewhere in south
where are you from? Im in the west
Oh, too early
It's actually 4 in the morning now
5 pm. How about in your area?
Why you up?
Wow really late
Hbu
Almost 2 am
Hey guys what time is it in your area
Oh yeah, gotta be posted
keep updated mates. Watch out for updates, announcements and activities!
So much good stuff coming⚡️⚡️
Tons of third degree connections, some secondaries. Checks out
I did some light stalking on linkedin LOL
absolutely mate.. I'm excited of what this project holds.
I've seen the website and wow, really amazing
not much mate.. some are asking about the project.
What did I miss?
Hey I'm back
Will wait for that!
We will be dropping some announcement and activities soon, mate. Keep posted! 
We will be dropping some announcement and activities soon, mate. Keep posted! (已编辑)
No much else, but the team is insane
It's the whole reason I joined the discord hahaha
Okay, thank you!
Ty! Is there anything you're allowed to tell us about the project or is it hush hush with the team working in the background?
Hi mate! Welcome 
It is... and the team is
We don't have yet as of the moment mate. If there is, I'll let you know right away.
Hi mate! Welcome
I had mee6 blocked. That's why it wouldnt let me in LOL
Do you have any rules here?
couldn't agree more!
that website is lit
it's really exciting mate. Looking forward too for some updates of the project soon.
It's exciting and early. I've never been this early on one
Here too
that's alright mate. It will return to normal later. (已编辑)
I do want to boost my rank
What's your plan for today guys?
My chats are delayed, isn't it? Hopefully later, this will return to normal.
I'm doing great mate. Just chilling in a very nice weather today.
I am doing good. Just had breakfast! What about you?
Hey mate. How are yu doing?
I'm excited too. Just keep posted for announcement of updates for the project soon.
GM mates
Hey keina, how's this project going anyway? I'm excited for what this project holds.
absolutely mate.
Already checked it! I was blown out. I really love the animation!
It's been raining for days here too. Luckily today it didn't. Hopefully for the rest of the day, it won't rain. (已编辑)
Lucky you, it's about to rain here. Been raining for the past few days
Today is great. The weather is really nice today. It didn't rain. How about you?
How's your day keina? Up to anything nice?
yeah, you can call me keina.
Should I call you keina? is that ur name?
that's awesome mate.
Okay thank you! Gonna check it for a while
Hello. Feel free to visit our website. It's  
Yup yup, exactly what I'm doing
Oh that's fine, I'm still grinding for my rank
For now, you can interact in our community to boost your rank and help us share about us in your social media.
We will let you know when there will be an announcement for the WL spot. We don't have yet as of the moment.
The wifi is trash in my place. How can I grind properly for that wl now
Hi, what is this project all about?
Hey there mate.
How you guys holding up?
That's good to know. We're doing great mate.
Doing just fine, how about you guys?
Hello guys
Hello how are you guys doing?
it's a / command bud
Or it's different here
-invite
I hope it helps, mate.
Oh okay, got it
I think you can type /invite in the bot command.
What's the command to see your invites btw?
I think so too. but that’s okay mate. (已编辑)
Hahaha it's okay bud they'll be notified by your invites later (已编辑)
Maybe they're still asleep haha
That would really be great, mate.
That's cool bud (已编辑)
I'm going to call my friend to join this cool server!
Let's help our project to boost its members
You should invite your friends bud
Like share and bring your friends and family
Let’s go
Gonna check it out later
Already did
Yeah, we did. Did you also like and retweet it?
Did you guys like and retweet the today post
That’s great
Yeah doing great!
Hi mate. I think everyone's doing great. How about you, mate?
Hello everyone how is everyone doing today
How's your day y'all?
So proud for you mate!
I haven't believed in a project this much in... well, maybe ever 
Okay bud take your time, I'm also inviting the others (已编辑)
Yes mate! I'm trying my best to invite more!
I haven't believed in a project this much in... well, maybe ever
The mods will surely appreciate your efforts  bud 
Yes we will really appreciate that.
The mods will surely appreciate your efforts bud (已编辑)
I shared my thread with a pretty big name in the space today, so we'll see what happens with that...
I'm doing all I can to spread the word. But wanna make sure we get the right people in early to create a solid foundation for the community.
You should invite your friends too
Thanks for helping our community mate!
That's great bud, that's a big help for the project
Yeah I'll make a few posts
Yeah it's really exciting
I think it's more than hype, it's the confidence that they can deliver. If they did that with the website, what are they gonna do with the project itself!?  
You guys should invite your friends here that would be fun
I think it's more than hype, it's the confidence that they can deliver. If they did that with the website, what are they gonna do with the project itself!?
It gives you a futuristic vibe bud
It creates hype for sure. I cant think of anyone who would look at the site and then the team and not be like whoa
Yeahh a big applause for them
I know right
It gave us the hype to look forward for more
Have you looked into the team?.. That's the thing that really blew my mind. I've seen nothing like it.
Like daaamn
It still boggles my mind the team behind this
Yeah, they really put an extra effort on it
The website is beyond amazing. Best one I've seen yet
Yeah, the website is amazing!
It's so cool
I couldn't agree more!
Have you checked also the official website?
Thanks, brother!
Yeah you're right
I think he might be talking about the Twitter thread I did on EY3KON here... 
Yeah that one. It was really good
Hahaha cool
Where did you saw it bud?
Work and then go gamble lol
I need to make one too.
What are your plans for today guys?
I saw that thing you posted about EY3KON, that was a great thread
awee, glad to know! keep that fantastic life burning
Oh snap hey Yanni
Hey! Fancy seeing you here again!
Good to hear
Haha fantastic
That's great , good luck with that bud
Hello pal, how's life?
I'm really food. Getting ready for work
Hey bud
Have you read the
🖇│official-links mate?
Great to hear that mate!
Doing great mate!
Good to hear. Same here, just the usual
I am fine, thanks. Wbu
Hey! How are you mate?
I'm good bud
Wassup
Good morning to you there! 
That's great to here!
Sure
Did you slept well?
Gm mate!
Good morning to you there!
We understand bud, you can chat here anytime you want
Yeah! But sometimes my connection is slow this days
That's great bud more time to spend here
I'm happy to hear that.
I'm good too!
I'm doing fine, and you?
I guess I don't have any appointment this day
That's great! Just chilling
Just chill'n here with you guys
Hey there, Aki! What's up? (已编辑)
Hi Mia!
That's great!
What's your plan for this day?
I will bud hahaa
Exciting indeed. You better keep yourself updated 
Exciting indeed. You better keep yourself updated
The project is not yet ready haha
That sounds excitinggg
Soon. Let's see how this project unfolds.  
Soon. Let's see how this project unfolds. (已编辑)
Oh okay, but I hope you guys will do collabs soon
Ahuh, that's very possible
Maybe later on
Oh is see, let's add that to my vocabulary
We are gonna make it 
Yeah right but for now, we are not doing collabs yet, mate.
You guys should do collabs with the other projects it'll boost our members here
We are gonna make it
What's that???
WAGMI 
Yes we are here to answer your queries anytime!
It's just the labels, of course they'll do something about it 
oh. I'll keep that in mind
Yeah I understand hahaha
It's just the labels, of course they'll do something about it (已编辑)
oh
We Are Gonna Make It
I think they need to entertain the members not just watch
Yeah let's hope for that to happen
That would be a big help
yoo we are at 300 now 700 more to goo
Watchers are mods bud hahahaa
It will grow so fast because it's cool
Oh I see you call them watchers because they just watch us here? Hahahaha
Promoting or inviting our friends and co workers will do
For now let's just focus on gaining members for this project  
Exactly ! can check
🖇│official-links guys for more info about the project
For now let's just focus on gaining members for this project (已编辑)
Okay bud that would be great
I checked it already it's on different level   
Okayy soon I'll suggest something
They are the mods
📨│suggestions
Who's that?
Let the watchers handle that
I checked it already it's on different level
check the Ey3kon website btw. its cool. no cap
But they can understand this if you send this to them
Anytime bud
Thanks mate!
I just saw this on road map hahaha
That's what I'm looking for!
Their big vision is to explore a whole new sub-genre of entertainment, an interactive experience that pours onto the big screen.
0N3
GALLERY - LIVE
Discover a universe of iconic characters in the interactive gallery. From future-fashion to cyber- enhancement trends. Find your EY3KON.
RADIO - In Progress
Tune in to S0N1C SOUNDS RADIO for an in-world audio experience. Keep an ear out for news, clues, updates, AMA's, exclusive DJ sets and a mashup of future sounds.
We're bringing together some of the world's top creative minds to reimagine the future of immersive storytelling. Surprises in store. Keep an EY3 out for the breadcrumbs.
TW0
DROPS - Ongoing
NFT holders can expect exclusive access to original comics, one-of-a-kind artist originals and other limited edition content.
The EY3KON Community can look forward to sporting iconic pieces via limited edition swag and streetwear drops.
EVENTS - Cooking
Become an EY3KON, literally. With a background in creating groundbreaking festivals and immersive experiences, you know it's going to kick off. VEY3P's only.
Because there's a members that hate to read long paragraphs
Just give me a short but accurate explain mate, that's just what I'm asking haha
Yeah that's why I'm here
I can't get over with the project's website it's so damn cool hahaha
Nah I just want summary. I don't like reading too long
Yes, that's right pal you can check our
🖇│official-links , you can find the roadmap and what this project is all about
Check our 
🖇│official-links bud, you can find the roadmap there
That sounds relaxing (已编辑)
Check our
🖇│official-links bud, you can find the roadmap there
Yeah just chilling here under the tree
What's this NFT all about mod?
Hey there, pal  We're here!
Take your time bud don't rush yourself hahaha
Hey there, pal We're here!
Where's the mods?
I'm done with my lunch so I'm going to chill a bit haha
Welcome back
That took many hours but here we go.
I'm in.
What are your plans for today?
Same here hahaha
My internet connection is like a
What's up?
Hey there bud
Hi mate
I'll try to invite my friends on the other project
Oh i forgot we still need to invite members
We'll let you know when there'll be activities, mate For the meantime, let's build the community first (已编辑)
Do you have any activities for today?
Yes, pal WAGMI
Oh hahhaha
We are gonna make it!
I'm just curious what's WAGMI btw?
Thanks, pal! WAGMI
I'll invite the others later
Yeah I invited my friends here
Don't forget to invite your friends to join this server by sending them this invite link 
I've finished my school works so I want to chill with you guys rn
So far it's great, pal! How about yours?
How's your weekend guys?
Good to hear that
We are fine bro
Hello there
Hi 
My teeth is itching bro I'm craving it right now
Same, I love it when my food is spicy it brings extra flavor   
Hello mates HAHAHA
Hey fam!
Same, I love it when my food is spicy it brings extra flavor (已编辑)
Then you add some chilli bro  whoooo
Then you add some chilli bro whoooo
That’s a great choice bro! So yummy  It made me crave some.
Nicee hahaha
It's okay hahaha
Sorry to disappoint you bro
I haven’t checked his youtube yet, but thanks for that I’ll try to watch it.
I thought you knew hahaha
That’s a great choice bro! So yummy It made me crave some.
Yahh youtuber
I don't know that man bro
Yeah bro so that we need to complement those who cook delicious
It is worth the effort when someone compliments the food you cooked 
Who’s Uncle Roger? Is he a youtuber?
Native chicken bro it's so damn good
It is worth the effort when someone compliments the food you cooked
Woah hahahah you should meat uncle roger
Yeah bro and it is so satisfying when somebody loved it
I love cooking, it is so satisfying to learn new dishes  
What do you cook the most bro?
I love cooking, it is so satisfying to learn new dishes (已编辑)
Yes I do the cooking haha
Yes bro I love to cook especially if no one is telling me to do so  I also watch some tutorials on youtube  
You too also?
Wow that’s great Good to know!
Yes sometimes hahaha
Do you know how to cook?
Yess as always
Good to hear pal, we shouldn’t skip breakfast.
Breakfast is the most important
Done also pal
Yes I’m already full, how about you fam? Breakfast is the most important meal of the day (已编辑)
Do you guys already have you breakfast?
How about you bro?
Yes bro I love to cook especially if no one is telling me to do so I also watch some tutorials on youtube (已编辑)
Do you know how to cook bro?
Always here bro, what’s up? 
Always here bro, what’s up?
Hey bro still there?
Thank you bro
No worries bro, you’re always welcome!
Yeah bro I'm new here that's why I have a lot of questions hahaha
Thank you for that bro! Surely you and your friends will enjoy (已编辑)
Ok bro I will invite my friend here
We will just keep you posted bro  It is to be announced! As for now, let’s keep engaging    
We will just keep you posted bro It is to be announced! As for now, let’s keep engaging (已编辑)
What do you get bro when you win those activity
Ohw I see
Lets build the community first pal or  you can invite your friends here so that our community will grow, by that we can look forward to some fun activities  
Lets build the community first pal or you can invite your friends here so that our community will grow, by that we can look forward to some fun activities (已编辑)
Can you explain me that pal?
I am part of this growing community pal 
Ohh I see
Yees moderators
The meaning of watchers is like moderators or something?
I am part of this growing community pal
Are you working here bro?
Same to you pal, fighting 
Same to you pal, fighting
That's great man keep striving
Good to hear! Likewise, still fighting and doing great  Thanks for asking fam. 
Good to hear! Likewise, still fighting and doing great Thanks for asking fam. (已编辑)
How about you
Still fighting fam
How’s life fam? 
How’s life fam?
Hellooo fam 
But maybe later hahaha
Good thing! Have a nice sleep
Yes2 hehehe
Okay hmm please get enough sleep pal.
Hiii
Hellooo fam
Hi guys 
I'm lack of sleep huhu
Maybe to sleep more huhuh
What are your plans for today pal?
Yeyy good
That’s good to hear, Im doing great pal (已编辑)
How about youu
Hiii I'm fine
You’re welcome pal, you can do it rooting for you!
Thank you pal! Fighting for a fruitful day
good luck fam fightinggg!
Gotta prepare for work fam
Hello fam, we're doing good
Hey fam, doing great! How about you?
Hi family how you are doing today?
Righttt! That’s good to hear.
Chilling - not too much planned
I see, what are your plans for today pal? 
I see, what are your plans for today pal?
Not too bad, never enough
Guess you really did have a good sleep
Gm Gm
Yes of course pal How about you? How’s your sleep? (已编辑)
Good morning pal
Good Morning from HK!
What's ur plan for today pal
soon pal
It's self boosting
Hahahha you should try being independent.
complete dependent
Nahhhh, just my brother , I am asking for some money lol
Guess you're fam have lots of money
Chillin and relax everyday pal hahaha
I dont think i will , this time 
Its much better to be here tho
I dont think i will , this time
Hahah might look for a job pal
Nahhh Im not   , im just just home, doing the cycle everyday inside  
Nahhh Im not , im just just home, doing the cycle everyday inside
To avoid sleep pal haha
Thats  alot pal  , I think its not recommended
I guess I'm used to it already
Oww luckily you don’t palpitate 
Thats alot pal , I think its not recommended
Oww luckily you don’t palpitate
Yes, wbu?
Hahaha I already have 4 cups
Great decision pal, I guess another coffee can help?  
You are working?
That could
Great decision pal, I guess another coffee can help? (已编辑)
That's what I'm doing pal i might get fired if I'll be asleep
Oh I see, you can chat here anytime while waiting pal. (已编辑)
I'm waiting for my boss to call me.. I wanted to relax for this day but I guess I'm working overnight
Thank you for that suggestion pal We’ll keep you posted!
Yea so that everyone will have fun and might become active here
We’ll have some games coming real soon   For now, lets keep engaging and stay tuned guys  
We’ll have some games coming real soon For now, lets keep engaging and stay tuned guys (已编辑)
It'll be fun if this community will have some games
I've never been to US too
Im not sure where i want to go first lol
You'll have a great time here for sure
Imma planning to spend vacation  there soon
Imma planning to spend vacation there soon
Might want to visit here in Asia
took a while for tha verify
You know what we have lots of beautiful women and handsome men here in Asia
Im always seeing asian here also , you guys had amazing beauty huh
Ohh great
you guys are asian?
Im somewhere in us Pal
Just somewhere
Like where is it?
Somewhere in Asia, how bout u
Whera are from ? pal
You're funny mate lol
Will i go to jail if i become an addict too ? z
Wow okay I’ll try to watch it during my free time
Yes it is! Hahaha
There’s no turning back pal once you’ll start it  Its addicting.
You guys are really pro in K series?
There’s no turning back pal once you’ll start it Its addicting.
Well if it is , then ill roll  lol
I'm watching it on my leisure time to release stress haha
Yes should should try it pal, it is fun 
It's really great! It still ongoing and still on episode 4. But time consume really worth it.
Well if it is , then ill roll lol
Yes should should try it pal, it is fun
I haven’t yet, but is it nice?
I greatly recommend pal haha
Have u start watching a business proposal?
Shoul I try?
We're on the same track pal! It's great
Im more into romantic comedies, how about you pal?
Hahaha it has lots of great series
Nahhhhh im not sure lol
Level 6 here I goooooo
A fan also?
What genre you're into pal
Yes it is, its plot twist is also amazing 
Im curious of the plot twist , sounds nice
Yes it is, its plot twist is also amazing
Oh! Haha good
I’m happy that you are all interested We will just keep you posted for some announcements but you can freely check our website guys
Hi. Jwu
Hey There
Hello how r u
Hi peeps
Same pal! It's trending nowadays in every part of the world
Meeee 
Like in this project? Can you tell me more  about it?
Meeee
Whats the future plans ?
I’m looking forward to have more and great conversations with you guys! 
Like in this project? Can you tell me more about it?
I’m looking forward to have more and great conversations with you guys!
no problem brother you sound like a good person heres too many convos with you , EY3K0N the star of something bigger glad to be one of the first here with you lot  
Who loves to watch K-series here?
I will pal ,its agreat day to be alive
You’re all welcome guys! Don’t hesitate to message here, anytime
me too
no problem brother you sound like a good person heres too many convos with you , EY3K0N the star of something bigger glad to be one of the first here with you lot (已编辑)
Wow  that made my day! Thanks pal 
Wow that made my day! Thanks pal
More good communication to look forward too
im excited , proper sense of community here 
im happy your the one of the ones leading it
We’re having a great time chatting you guys and yeah the project is indeed great 
Having a great time since I got here
yeah the project is very nice  , so it is always good to be here 
We’re having a great time chatting you guys and yeah the project is indeed great
im excited , proper sense of community here
Everyday we're going to have a good convo here  look forward to it
I really agree with that pal
Everyday we're going to have a good convo here look forward to it
im here long term , just got here and had good convo and the projects looks great so 
yeah the project is very nice , so it is always good to be here
Yes small progress is still a progress WAGMI
Progress will hapoen dramatically  Ohhhh yohooo
im here long term , just got here and had good convo and the projects looks great so
Progress will hapoen dramatically Ohhhh yohooo
Yes and it’s getting bigger  LFG! Great job guys  
It must've been bad mate
i injured my ankle before when  im on a softball tournament .  I can never stand after i dropped while running .
Yes and it’s getting bigger LFG! Great job guys (已编辑)
Yea! It awaken our mind too
i injured my ankle before when im on a softball tournament . I can never stand after i dropped while running .
We have! And it's growing
i feel like we got a community building here 
Everything gets better with coffee ☕️
Just done having coffee 
i feel like we got a community building here
it was so painful brother paramedics came and put me on gas
Ackkkkkkk, I cant imagine the pain bro. 
Delicious it is
woo its late here and weekend now so i got a rum and coke 
I'm thinking of what I should cook later
woo its late here and weekend now so i got a rum and coke
Ackkkkkkk, I cant imagine the pain bro.
Just done having coffee
true that health is wealth
i know luckily , my hip came out and was 7mm away from anerve in my back if it hit it could of been game over , i got lucky lol , what was your injury bro
luckily  , i had only one lol
luckily , i had only one lol
You can try
Nahhh im not  really good in music  huuhu
Always take good care of ur health pal. Health is Wealth they say
Nahhh im not really good in music huuhu
thank you its better jsut is what it is now wasnt good tho , im okay , just need to save my hip cartlidge , have you 2 ever had any bad injuries
Congratulation , you just advance to level 3 pal
Oh sad to hear that pal
oWshhhhhh I hope you are doing now
Hmm pop, how bout u? I guess you're good at it too
what sports did you play bro
ooo i love that
i dislocated my hip and cracked my pelvis in 3 places during a football match , had to stop plying still affects me just have to crack on , had 5 surgeries on the injury , the injury was 3 years ago and i might need surgery number 6 soon
oh like whats your genre?
Singing and dancing 
U can play with ur friends
Nahhhh, I used to play barious sports too but it seems like , it is sad to play alone ....
Let's engage here more to level up
It’s because you engage here pal
Singing and dancing
wbu  any hobbies
its good cold alot during winter
What happen mate? Why the injury
How is your night there?
Thats A lot huh
wbu any hobbies
i work full time , after work look at nfts alot and gym and spend alot of time with my girlfriend , used to play football (soccer for the americans) but i cant play no more just to a bad injury
Thanks Pal
Congrats your on level 1
Ahhh im just chillkng here in my room
All of them are great
Well , im not really sure why the thing happened
Any hobby mate?
i love coffee , latte , cappuccino or the odd americano are my favs
im just chilling rn , maybe soon
Yes, I love cappuccino
Ohh getting ready to sleep?
you are A pro coffee?
They may have a reason for it
ive had all 3 , 11pm here in the uk
not good bro , im sorry to hear that , is they a reason for th elack of trust or just natural loss of feelings?
Sending good vibes to everyone!
The sunrise was really nice today
I'm having coffee rn
No yet, how about you mate?
Did you guys take your meals?
Ohh that's sad mate
It hurts when  a person with you today dont have trust in you anymore 
It hurts when a person with you today dont have trust in you anymore
But I believe we can do it in the future
Yes we are lucky to have such amazing friends.
Yeah thinking the same
there is nothing wrong with that at all , everyone moves and progresses at there own pace and rate , your break will come
I think we are the same
Still relying from my parents 
Still relying from my parents
we are all there for eachother we lucky to hsve eachother , its not just me
Your friends are so lucky to have you  
Lead the day mate hahahaha
Your friends are so lucky to have you (已编辑)
How blessed to be one of your circle
fall together rise together thats my friend group 
That's great pal!
Im always good whenever Im here  
WAGMI
hope your life is full of successes too
That's a very positive mate! Salute 
That's a very positive mate! Salute
i know it wasnt competition more comparison im not egotistical i send my mates money when they need all the time 
Alright , Lets rock
fall together rise together thats my friend group
Thats really good to hear I’m also feeling great especially I’m having a great conversation with you guys! (已编辑)
i know it wasnt competition more comparison im not egotistical i send my mates money when they need all the time
How about you guys ?
Im always good whenever Im here
Hello mate
Hey pal, how are you?
You have a good plan mate! There's no competition in life as you're having progress, that's okay
i dont get this generation and drugs id rather be ahead like by the time my friends have finished uni i will have a house so like i think im doing okay  just need to get my girlfriend into nfts lol
Eyyyyyy There
Memories to treasure in the future
exactly id rather make memories i can actually remember 
i dont get this generation and drugs id rather be ahead like by the time my friends have finished uni i will have a house so like i think im doing okay just need to get my girlfriend into nfts lol
exactly id rather make memories i can actually remember
Ohh level advanced! Thank you
It's bad for the health don't ever try it. It can destroy life
Better plan!
Glad that you’re interested pal, you can check our website and explore your way there
university was never the route i wanted to take always wanted to work and just get settled asap , going out drinking and drugs was never for me
thank you man i appreciate that like im on 26k a year and im 19 , so alongside boosting credit and saving for my house , i already have a car and stuff , i decided lets have our dream holiday before we get a mortgage if you get me
Anyway, I forgot to ask, what is this project all about?
I also experienced that when I was little, luckily now I’m already used to it
Everyone's deserves some break
You deserve that break pal 
You deserve that break pal
Yeah your hardworks worth some of it
Haha they good in taking pictures but me no oh hahah
What I hate for traveling long distances is that I get carsick
and paying it off will bosst credit score alot
i know rn im on like 2.5k a month and my lass is on like2k a month too so over the year its not alot to pay off monthly and will be a good 2 weeks away for us
That's true and when a long time passes by, when we look at the pic, we feel so nostalgic (已编辑)
It makes traveling worth it, the memories that we can keep forever 
It makes traveling worth it, the memories that we can keep forever
A treat for working hard
Wohaaaa what a nice plan for next year's
When they take a pic of me, the pictures always look good but when I take pictures of them the pictures look bad hahahaha (已编辑)
Especially when you're with the important persons in your life
Photos indeed a way to preserve memories when traveling 
My friends gets angry when I took pictures of them haha
Hahahaha me too
I can also relate  I have to take another shot when capturing my friends because they are not satistied of what I took.
ik i cant wait man
we paying it off monthly im not rich just something to look forward too yk like a big treat
Oh wow that's so great!
I can also relate I have to take another shot when capturing my friends because they are not satistied of what I took.
good man love that , me and my girlfriend have booked an all inclusive 8 grand holiday for 2023 august a few days ago i cant wait ive never been on a plane and wanted my first hol to be a big one
Photos indeed a way to preserve memories when traveling
I can relate, my sister always scold me when I take pictures of her
I love to travel too but you know what hahwhw I'm really bad in taking pictures
Me too, I love photography
Right?  but it is also worth it to travel I love taking pictures!
Right? but it is also worth it to travel I love taking pictures!
Haha yeah we have the same thought
Indeed it is but sometimes it is also tiring to go out.
Yeah, travelling releases stress mate
Nothing much mate, but traveling is in my thoughts 
Nothing much mate, but traveling is in my thoughts
I'm going too, hopefully
You've got to slowly overcome that fear
What's your plan for the day mate
Thank you pal
But I'm afraid of heights haha
I'm going to plan for one in the future
Yeah hbu, what level are you now?
You should try it, its once in a lifetime opportunity for me
I've never experienced that, oh I'd love t to try it
Enjoy every moment while you're young,
Finally, I can ride a zipline, I've always wanted to try it
Yeah I should enjoy it because I rarely travel hahaha
How r u fam
Yeah! But I don't want to remember some
sounds good that bro enjoy it
That's all memories
Happy, sad hahaha which of those
Of course, hbu pal?
I guess you have lots of memories in you
Yeah, its good to take pictures, memories to keep
I guess you'll going to take lots of pictures
Idk its my first time there
Is there also a long walk to get there?
You're always welcome fam
We're going to an adventure park, a place full of mountains
Plan for next time too mate
Aww thx fam!
Hahaha you did it mate
Congratulations pal WTG
Get to see a beautiful view too
Wow! I leveled up
Most definitely, great way to explore
We rarely have a family outing, just today
You also like road trip pal?
Nice
Oh great! I'd love to have one but my parents are always busy
Yeah that's right
Road trip?
Family outing
Yeah we have a long way to go, we are traveling for 5 hrs
Going to somewhere mate?
Yeah I should sleep while traveling
It's a talent mate haha
But my robot self usually wins out and sleep just has to wait!
Sleep is for humans! 
Yes yes, it’s true
I think you also need sleep
Sleep is for humans!
Yeah cappuccino is great
I want to sleep but my I can't sleep hahahaha
Night forever!!
Mine 4 hours
i love coffee too , latte or cappuchino my go too
Hahahaha hi
I drink way too much coffee, but I  it too much
I've only got 2 hrs of sleep
I love iced coffee
I drink way too much coffee, but I it too much
I love coffee, how bout u mate
Indeed it is, its also nice to grab coffee do you like coffee? 
I like iced coffee
So muddy outside our house
Indeed it is, its also nice to grab coffee do you like coffee? (已编辑)
Because of LPA
Yeah!lately it rained.
I hope it will not rain today
They weather's for today is great too
Wow it is really great 
Oh okay mate, I should invite my friends here
We'll let you know mate when it's time  For now, let's build the community first 
Wow it is really great
need any mods for this disc ? im interested in been considered i work full time but in my spare time ill help around
We'll let you know mate when it's time For now, let's build the community first
Starting my day with a big smile.
Hi, how are you?
where too man anywhere nice
Is there a whitelist?
I'm also good, I'm traveling rn
good bro wbu
How's everyone doing?
Hello pal, GM
im here man count me in fr , them sneak videos you posted where better than most projects marketing full stop , good job
I'm good pal. Yes let's build the community 
Good morning everyone
I'm good pal. Yes let's build the community
hi man how are you , fr i saw this earlier and had to join shit looks amazing count me in , you got my attention , how are we all today
hi mate 
hi mate
hello everyone 
hello everyone
welcome to the server! what's up?
nice one pal!
Absolutely….
yes yes! invite your friends to join this server by sending them this invite link 
no worries fam
Thanks fam
you can check it out at our 
🖇│official-links  channel
We'll let you know   when it's time    For now, let's build the community first  
We'll let you know when it's time For now, let's build the community first
nice nice what you up to?
How we gonna get the WL and be a member of it
I’m good
you can check it out at our
🖇│official-links channel
Not yet
Yy ofc
i see hopefully you can relax here 
i see hopefully you can relax here
Im fine trying to relax
welcome! how are you?
Whats up fam
yoo wc back, how are you doing?
however regarding the project just stay tuned
good to know that youre relaxed , I'm currently not up to anything exciting, what about you?
Good thanks. Just sat by the fire and relaxing for the evening. Up to anything exciting?
yooo welcome back! how are you?
How is everyone?
just keep exploring our website and our
🐦︱tweets and
🖇│official-links channels for informations
Really curious to get some more details about the project 
Really curious to get some more details about the project
agreed! glad to hear that you loved it  
agreed! glad to hear that you loved it
doing great! thank you for asking
Love the website and art that I have seen so far
I am well, how about yourself?
welcome back! GM
it means "We're All Going to Make It"
what's that?
Yea suree no worries
thank you in advance
wil do
yeaaa
well when time comes
see yaa!
as of now
Adios
they're unfortunately dead
ciao
I gtg need to finish something, see you all later guys
ye
Yeah that would be great
that is heavily suggested mate! so that our community will grow (已编辑)
hmm we can try to gain more members by inviting our friends and co workers or friends in other projct here tho but idk
hmmmm do you have any thoughts
Morning bud
the goal of the og will be 1k right
let see we have 283 members
morning
GM WELCOME
stay tuned LFG
just read all your suggestions, pretty great actually
Glad to help bud
nice nice all suggestion is always heard     stay tuned! thank you for helping improve this community  
For the community so no problemo
nice nice all suggestion is always heard stay tuned! thank you for helping improve this community
yeaaa just suggested
I hope our suggestions will be used hahaha
oh please do tell us in our 
📨│suggestions  channel  
oh please do tell us in our
📨│suggestions channel
yeaa i do have a recommendation
We just finished the game and presale is starting now
Talkin about improvements for the server
just here chillin, what abt you?
okay okay WAGMI
watchu guys doin
Hmm I'll think about it hahaha
oohh i see i see, you can also suggest stuff in our
📨│suggestions
Oh okay hahhaha I thought there's a channel for that too
our roadmap is already in our website  
our roadmap is already in our website
Do you have a roadmap here?
nice to know you appreciate it
yeaa good to hear
It's so satisfying
Btw, your website is so cool I really like the animation
nice one thank you!
I already followed this server on my socmed
check out our website in our 
🖇│official-links  channel  
I hope this project will prosper soon
the pleasure is all mine mate!
check out our website in our
🖇│official-links channel
Thanks for your warm welcome bud
well we are glad you stumbled your way here!  
well we are glad you stumbled your way here!
Out of curiosity I joined this server hahaha
Oh I just saw this on twitter
Good to hear bud
yes it is
glad to hear y'all are feeling great
Is this a new project?
feelin good
I'm good as well
feeling great! How abt you??
How you guys doing?
SUPP WELCOMEE
Heyy what's up
no worries we gotchuu mate
Yea. looking forward for this project like fr
awesome, nice one for taking that step
Yeah! while I was scrollin down from my twitter feed this project suddenly showed up so I checked it and here I am
it's awesome that you got here early
same taughts
in my opinion this project has a lot of potential.  
agreed
cause while im playin im also reading the caption or idk whats it called on the website btw, the website is so lit btw. KUDOS to the person who made the website man 
in my opinion this project has a lot of potential.
cause while im playin im also reading the caption or idk whats it called on the website btw, the website is so lit btw. KUDOS to the person who made the website man (已编辑)
what does this project all about tho? in ur opinion
yeaaaaa.
oohh I see I see, LFG did you have fun playing?
Fine as well! Playin Fortnite as of now. while waiting for the presale from other project. I'm also looking forward to this project
doing great what about youu??
how y'all doin
Hayooo
hope you will have a great day too!
Same samee. Hope you all have a great day today
doing great how about you?? 
doing great how about you??
Ayeeee lfg
      
Hows it going ya’ll
Nice to know.
That’s great I’m good too
Ain't sure about the rest, but as for me I'm doin' just very fine. How about you pal?
How is everything going on
Let’s go team
hmmm we'll let you know when it's time, mate For now, let's continue to build the community first
Do we have a rough idea when mint might be? March? April? May?
That's right mate! Really cannot wait to witness what this project has in store. 
That's right mate! Really cannot wait to witness what this project has in store.
Awesome new teaser
How kind of you. Talk to you later then. Enjoy too (已编辑)
Very quiet here for the Moment. So I dont wanna waste your free time! Enjoy it. I will come back later 
Very quiet here for the Moment. So I dont wanna waste your free time! Enjoy it. I will come back later
That's so good to hear. Keep trying! 
That's so good to hear. Keep trying!
Thanks
I try always
Yay! That's very healthy for you. Eat welly 
Yay! That's very healthy for you. Eat welly
Potatoes, Broccoli and vegan fish
Ohh, what are you eating?
Not that much too tbh. Eating and chilling
Hey there! Well, as for me there's nothing much. What about you pal? 
Hey there! Well, as for me there's nothing much. What about you pal? (已编辑)
Whats good?
Woah, I'll take this as a compliment. Hehe thanks pal (已编辑)
learned that from other people as well! 
learned that from other people as well!
Saw u typing Mia.
Hahahahhahaha
No second thoughts on IP.
No no Mia.
Wow. That was superbly said. I copy that for use some other day.
GN to you, mate! It's time to ride the rainbow to dreamland. 
GN to you, mate! It's time to ride the rainbow to dreamland.
We are just starting
Yeah looking forward to learn a lot more about this project
You can do it dude! We're here to cheer you. We are also here to support this project.
Yeah and ı think it helps my mental health a lot too
It's good for the body too being physically healthy
You can think of it as a daily exercise haha
But ı do train that day too
Oh you only have a day to rest
So
Everyday
And ı also train when ı woke up
Hoping for you pal
We have training 6 days a week
We have to wait tomorrow ı guess
Check this out guys! Let's spread it 
Check this out guys! Let's spread it
Oh! Sad to hear that pal
Awesome! Let’s spread the word
🐦︱tweets
🐦︱tweets
I guess you also have a good voice
Its hard to say. I am in the music business and have to do with music all day long. I dont prefer a specific genre anymore. Musik has to give me a good vibe. Thats all 
We have to spend more time on water
Bad one
Is it a good news or a bad one?
90 mins of indoor cycling
Idk but my coach texted me that we will be at home today
Why? What happen kerem
Its hard to say. I am in the music business and have to do with music all day long. I dont prefer a specific genre anymore. Musik has to give me a good vibe. Thats all
How bout u mate? What's your fav
It is 
That's alright. Maybe soon.
Need more time  but yeah. Got it on my Radar
It is
Yeah! It's stress reliever pal
Need more time but yeah. Got it on my Radar
You better watch it, if you have time. Highly recommended!  
Great! I love Songs where the feelings speak to me
You better watch it, if you have time. Highly recommended! (已编辑)
Heared about it so much. But never had time to watch it..
Pop music, I also love listening to sad songs
I'm watching blacklist! (已编辑)
Music sounds good to me! What Genre do you listen to?
Vibin in the music mate while chatting here
You will for sure
What do you watch? Sitting outside in the Sun and do some work
will surely do have fun in here
thanks pal
It's amazing!
Have fun with all these lovely people
Just watching some series. How about you, mate?
just chatting in here pal
you're most welcome pal!
What yall doing mates?
that's good to hear pal
That's great! Thanks for asking, I'm doing so well 
That's great! Thanks for asking, I'm doing so well
how about you?
doing good pal
heyyy! How are you?
Thanks so much!
Pumped you're so excited
Dont apologise dude. Great write up! It's fire!
Oh wow, sorry if I jumped the gun! I just haven't been this excited about a new project in ages!
You beat us to it haha
Legend! We only just updated the trailer on the site...we're getting it out now on our socials too
sometimes
Sure. Anytime, pal.
Ok. I will be watching your posted. Thnx again
We’ll keep you posted in regards to that. For now, let’s all help in building this community bigger.  
Sure mate will give you some if you like haha
We’ll keep you posted in regards to that. For now, let’s all help in building this community bigger. (已编辑)
That's what I like haha
Sure mate just prepare your tummy 
thank you. :) Wl Rules are probably unclear! Right!
Hey there! Indeed, you are! Welcome to the community 
Hey there! Indeed, you are! Welcome to the community
Hello am i early!!!
do chocolate chip cookies
Will you give me? 
Thank you. I'm planning to make again
Spare me some
Alright! This community is going to be really big.
Will you give me?
I'm glad to here here so early!
That's good to hear pal! 
awe that sucks but theres always room for improvement
Thanks so much, just trying to spread the love!
Dope! Will surely rt this. 
I'm doing well mate!! Just eating my homemade cookies haha
That's good to hear pal!
Okay mate! Thanks!
Same goes to you, mate!
Doing great!
Hi there mate! Are you good?
Dope! Will surely rt this.
We're doing great! How about you?
Some were burnt. Still it's edible haha
Hey, I see you've discovered EY3KON. Take a stroll around to see more.
Hello there! What's up?
mlem how was ur cookies
We both have cats pp
Good to be here!
It's actually late at night hahaha gotta have to sleep
eyy sup i just got back from an errand
How about there?
It's 5:12 pm here in bangkok
This project is cool!
What time is it in your area?
Anyway is it night there?
I love cats bro seriously
Yeah and very naughty
Thanks for sharing!! Will check this out.
Such a cute baby
Whoah lemme check that out. Tha ks for sharing
Yo, everyone. I put together this short thread about why I'm so pumped on this project if anyone wants to share it around   
5 months old
However he likes wandering outside haha
How old is he
His name is mickey
I don't really know, maybe 2?
I have a cat also
How old?
Aww that's adorable
Sotabong
Ohh that's so cute. What's his name or her name?
Layin next to my cat. Gotta disturb them when they napping
Hby?
Nothing much. Just watching some show
Whatcha doing? Up to anything good?
Sorryyy. I'm here
Don't drop me like that bro
Oh no man
Oh you gonna leave me too 
I'm up
Oh you gonna leave me too
Have a nice meal kerem. It's nice to have a conversation with you guys. See you later
Hey mlem, you up?
Bye
See you
Enjoyed a lot
Have a nice meal. See you later
See you guys later
Oh man, what a tiring day. Go eat your lunch now
And ım done
2 more lessons
We have lunch break
No no
Oh nice, gonna go training now or what?
The bell rang as soon as ı asked
İts over man
Hopefully it'll be the soonest
I ll ask
Idk
Wait a min
When's class gonna be over kerem?
Woah that's amazing!!!
I was in the fields before. Three categories with weights
Thank you guys youre awesome
Yeah let's support kerem!
Ohh you're an athlete?
Then you should try joining rowing
I hope so
Wow! You go, kerem!
Oh wow, takes me back to when I was an athlete. Training sucks for lifting sports
Powerlifting is not included in olympics but rowing does
Ohh you should join Olympics
oh I seee it's okay pal
I'm sorry  i misclicked the reply button
I'm sorry i misclicked the reply button
I actually dont train for powerlifting but ı think ım pretty good at it
Lifting weights huh
passion what?
Good to hear that. Such a gentleman
Rowing and powerlifting
But hey, a lot of industries are now opening to cryptos. Soon it'll be very very useful
What's your passion kerem?
Yeah ıt feels good that ı can take my gf for dinner by myself
Good to hear. At a very young age you already earned some money 
thanks pal! I'm from metaverse
Good to hear. At a very young age you already earned some money
But ıt doesnt mean much because everything here is mostly on eth
what are you guys talking about?
Hey bro, welcome. Where u from?
doing great too.
Hello pal!
Yeah ı also earn some money from rowing
That's great. It'll help you save some money for yourself
Doing great pal how about you?
Well, yeah. It's really culture in the east to live with parents and tbh, I'm fine with it. Never lonely
Helloo!
Hey mate. Good evening. how are you doing? 
Yeah they help a lot
Hey mate. Good evening. how are you doing? (已编辑)
Yeah mate same
Do you like living with thm
Good thing you have supportive parents
good evening!
hey guyss
I'm with my fam too
I dont have to spend my money on food on rent or taxes
Hey guys, there's a new post at
🐦︱tweets check it out y'all
Just wait mate it'll end soon.
I also see school as a opportunity to study about nfts because ı live with my family rn and ı have one and a half year to make profit and they are really helping me
Ohh, oh well that works for me too. You go, bro!
Yeah ı know
Ohh great!
Rowing
Hang on bro, only short time to wait now
Our teacher is pretty good but ı actually dont care about any subject at school so it doesnt matter
What kind of training, if u don't mind me asking
I love it. Feels like listening to a story. Though it will suck depending on how the teachers teach
I just want school to end so ı can go to my training
I prefer not to reminisce the past lol
It's fun to know the past
I love history as well
Oh i don't like history sub
Love history but yeah it does suck for people who doesn't like it
Yeah
U having history rn?
What are your hobbies guys?
Hahaha just study hard for your future
No no ı ll be a rowing coach so ı dont have to know what my ancestors did
Or laptop
Using your phone
Your teacher might caught you kerem
I guess you're not the only here hahahahha
Oh better listen kerem. Study hard
Hahaha Ify bud hahaha
Right now?
Hahaha nice one mate
Im actually at school rn and ım bored in class
Oh wow, now I feel so old
Metaverse HAHAHA
Where u from?
Woah I'm older than you
What about me?
Young
How bout u mate
Im 16
So am i hahaa
How old are you now kerem?
Squidward experiencing maturity
Yeah finally I know what Squidward felt hahaha
I bet, i would feel that way
Aww all we have here is always sunny
I actually dont know but ıt feels like that
Yes a little, I'm more comfortable in English
But ı used to play a lot with my friends when ı was a little child
Why?
I bet
When you grow up it gets more boring playing with snow
Do you speak korean?
I super super like cats
İts not actually that good
Uhm since the launching of the project
Korea here
Woahh would love to experience snow tho
I want to see some real snow
maybe. who knows
U irish bro?
Youre lost?!?!
somewhere along the west
Yeah ım great too
I'm from the east bro
cats supremacy
Hey mate! We're good, how bout u?
I'm from thailand
Where are you guys from ıf ı may ask
Wohoo PAW-er
We're cat people here 
Chillin here
You guys are chill 
We're cat people here
You bet. I just love cats haha
I can see from your pp
Great man how long have you been here for
My heart melts when i see cats and dogs
Yes ı do but ım more of a dog guy
Yeah its snowing but its sunny too its kinda weird
If I visit Istanbul, what percentage am I gonna have a cat in my hotel
Gunyadn
Do you love cats too?
Yeah we do have a lot of cats around here
Woah. Would love to visit there and pet some cats 
Doing great bud, how about you?
Ohh cool, hey kerem. Nice day in turkey?
Woah. Would love to visit there and pet some cats
Hahahaha
thought u said karen there for a sec lmao
Im from turkey,you?
You can call me kerem
Hey mpn, should I call you that? Or no?
Nice grinding with you guys
Born ready
Sure that would be great bud
You guys are chill
A tea would be a perfect combination
Ohh that would be cool. I'm planning to watch it also
Hello, can I interest you with some tea?
Sure mate just prepare your tummy
I've jumped scene per scene, planning to watch it properly in the summer
Yeah. But i haven't finished the series yet
Gimme some ahahaha
Woah, you know Tommy?
Doing great also my homemade cookies doesn't look so well tho
How about you?
I'm good btw
Hello there bud
You can visit our website mate ey3kon.io to know more about the project.
I'm a bit curious about the project of this server. Can you please tell me?
What's up y'all
Well it doesn't look good but it's edible
wow! I'm pretty sure the cookies you made were all very delicious.
I'm doing great also. I made some cookies 
I'm doing great also. I made some cookies
everyone’s doing great mate. how bout you?
It’s really nice to meet you too mate
So how is everyone's day going?
yes mate, I am.
Thanks mate!! Are you the mod here?
Hi mate  welcome to the community. We are so glad having you here 
Hi mate welcome to the community. We are so glad having you here
Hello everyone. I'm new here 
Hello everyone. I'm new here
keeping it chillll
Yeah! Manifesting good weather
that’s sad..  hopefully we could see some sunlight/sunset tomorrow.
that’s sad.. hopefully we could see some sunlight/sunset tomorrow.
I thought I'll be seeing the sunset to release some stress, but sadly it rained huhu
This morning we had a nice weather but just this afternoon, it rained.
yeah. It’s been raining everyday. Wanted to get some sun but keeps raining even early in the morning.
Did it rain also in your place?
I feel you mate. just had my coffee earlier it’s kinda cold here too.
Having coffee here to lessen the cold temperature 
Having coffee here to lessen the cold temperature
Hey pal! what’s up?
that’s awesome, mate! (已编辑)
Have done sir
for now, you can help by sharing the server link and help us shout this out in your social meda.
When ready we are here
Sure. No rush!
hopefully soon. We will surely let everyone know.
Yep. Looking forward to hear more and helping the project
Hope we'll gonna have some good news this weekend
Hey moon
hey mate! glad to have you here again not much. We were just waiting for updates of the project.
Ready for the weekend
Friday afternoon
Gooood!
Hey! How r u dude
What did I miss ? Lol
I am back
Together as one! We can make the community stronger
that’s great mate. For now let’s build the community. 
that’s great mate. For now let’s build the community.
Patiently waiting for the amazing update
Yeah, it's been three days
There too?! Oh man
Yeah mate! It's raining here
Hello jankz
same here mate. I’m excited of what this project has in store
I'm excited to this!
Hey mate   not much right now but keep posted for some updates of the project soon. 
That's nice bro. Me too
just somewhere, here and there 
just somewhere, here and there
For the meantime we’re building the community, pal. Keep posted for updates of the project. (已编辑)
No one's ever too early bro
hi snow 
i feel like im too early here
i dont even see anything in the announcement channel
Hi pal! 
Hi pal!
hello hello 
Ey, hello
hello hello
Where you situated bro?
Yup, that's what I'm tryna do. Fancy a bit of small talk to boost my rank
oh! Just keep on interacting in the community to get higher rank. Also keep posted for upcoming updates of the project 
Hey there mate
Hello! 
oof that must've sucked mate. Good thing the weather here is nice
Awful weather we're having 
oh! Just keep on interacting in the community to get higher rank. Also keep posted for upcoming updates of the project
Tryna grind my rank  but also drinking some tea, can't have coffee or milk
Tryna grind my rank but also drinking some tea, can't have coffee or milk
just drinking coffee. It’s kinda cold here. how about you mate? (已编辑)
Yup. Whatcha doing in the meantime though
hopefully we could see some sunset tomorrow.
Aw too bad. Could've gone to see some sunset but it's about to rain
Hi mate. same mate. we also have awful weather here right now
Awful weather we're having
Hello, what's everyone up to?
GM ALL! 

Did anyone solve it?
Hey pal! happy to have you here.
Hi I'm jankz squeeze
see ya later pal! (已编辑)
Good too. Thank you! Got some work to do now. See you later
doing good! how about you? (已编辑)
How are you today?
good morning mate! (已编辑)
Morning folks
good morning pal! (已编辑)
Who invited you here lol
Oh no
As of the moment mate. But we will surely let you know when there is. Just keep posted mate for some updates soon.
Doing fine mate! There's still no update right?
Hey mate! I think everyone's doing great! How about you?
Hey mate not much right now but keep posted for some updates of the project soon.
Hey, what's up guys
I’m doing great too! (已编辑)
I'm doing great! How bout u mate
Hey pal! How are you doing? (已编辑)
hi
Just send them to the website and say, "See for yourself". If that doesn't convince them, I don't know what will.
Nice yeah, Wynn is awesome
Wow that’s great, you can enjoy partying again
Yeah hangovers made us regret drinking
Stayed at Wynn. 3 nights of partying. Some golf. Good times
Only been once
no masks either.
Yeah, I live in Las Vegas and we are pretty much back to the full swing of things
Not missing the hangovers lol
Same here, I bet you really miss the fun during parties right?  
Yo, what’s up pal?
Welcome
Same here, I bet you really miss the fun during parties right?
Marky! (已编辑)
Yooooo
Also, due to lock down I have not been to a party this year
Wow that’s pretty cool
About to head on a hike
9:51 in HK
Pretty good. About to head out to a party at a speakeasy
I have indeed.
Wow I’m glad that someone is interested You can send him/her the website and let him/her explore (已编辑)
Someone asked me. What is EY3KON 
hello hello!
I need a few one liners
Someone asked me. What is EY3KON (已编辑)
Hello, GM
Good Morning from HK
Wow that would be cool For now, we are not doing collabs yet, mate. (已编辑)
I run games/ guild / nfts
Do u guys wanna collab?
We don’t usually use the term icks here in Asia we are more yucks/ew (已编辑)
I don’t know if you use the term icks in Philippines/ Russia
There’s alot of icks
You know I’ve been making connections and roaming a lot of NFTs as im lazy at work
We will just keep you posted mate
Good talk
I’m an og
How do I get whitelist
#whitepaper
Oh
#roadmap #sneakpeak
Hi pal  (已编辑)
What’s up guys?
Hi pal (已编辑)
Sus
I’m good, happy to have conversations with you guys
Hey pal
Not bad mate how you doing
How’s it going !
Hello, how are you?
New joiner here
Yes we are growing
Everything’s great, so glad the community is getting bigger 
Everything’s great, so glad the community is getting bigger
I’m good how is everything going on
Hey, how are you? 
Im totally good
Hello pal
Hey, how are you?
How you doing today
Yup
Yo, man! Good to see you in here! I guess my tweet was convincing enough? 
How are you bud?
LGF WAGMI
Yey! I think we are all looking forward to it, amazing
Looking forward to seeing it in the morning
Stay tuned pal (已编辑)
Well, we will be dropping some soon
So I heard a little whisper about a potential announcement or sneak peek today... maybe? 
So I heard a little whisper about a potential announcement or sneak peek today... maybe?
yooo welcome back!
have you checked out our website?
agreed! yes LFG!
Absolutely. All the things on twitter look top notch. Love the graphics work!
glad you're here early thanks for being part in our growing community
Thanks a lot.
Small community
yooo welcome  
yooo welcome
Helooo
Yo, man! Good to see you in here! I guess my tweet was convincing enough?
INKATERRA
在此频道标注了
一条消息
。查看所有
已标注消息
。
2022/03/11
Please show some love!!
thats great to hear
In sunny California today
Good good
how's ur day?
Oh absolutely
sometimes chilling is all we need   (已编辑)
nighty night
Good Night 
sometimes chilling is all we need (已编辑)
Good Night
Exactly lol
GN
Gn fam
Oh same. Just gonna lounge around today
Good to see you here too
Hey bro!
agreed. Glad you are part of this community LFG
This space and project looks so futuristic. awesome
welcome!!
good to see you here buddy
got nothing special planned out personally for today tho, what about you?
oh thanks for asking
I meant you personally lol
we will keep you posted pal! 
we will keep you posted pal!
Doing great! Any plans for today?
feeling great! how about you?  
feeling great! how about you?
Thanks! How are you today?
yooo what's up?! wc back  
yooo what's up?! wc back
that looks amazing
WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
glad to hear that you are feeling great! happy to have you here LFG
Ty I am great! Love spending time here and see the community grow..
welcome back! how are you? 
welcome back! how are you?
Lovely photo, very artistic 
Lovely photo, very artistic
Thought id share with ya’ll - had a great view yday in Cairo 
Thought id share with ya’ll - had a great view yday in Cairo
Welcome!
WELCOME!!
sounds like you had a great hike
Yea it’s got a lot of scenic places. Though Scotland is much more dramatic. Ireland is pretty flat.
Dubai based for the moment
Would love that right now. Heard the scenic views Ireland super nice
Where are you based?
Snow forecast though
It’s beautiful. Sun out, it’s a little chilly but not glacial.
How's the weather?
Just in the Irish countryside
Nice! Where you hiking?
i see i see, glad to know youre safe
Thanks  been out hiking and gona light the fire now
Oh I think I just got it, Icon
Thanks been out hiking and gona light the fire now
whats up! Welcome back 
whats up! Welcome back
Fun to explore
Website is hitting all the right notes
yes W4TCH3RS are mods
Or no mods yet
W4TCH3RS are mods or what?
thats cool
All good all good. Created a way to live on Mars, cure for HIV, COVID. Here I am on discord now
all good all good, what about you?
How's your day going? All good?
Supp, living here bro
what's up welcome back 
what's up welcome back
Supppp the real Og
Sup kons
Yes pal you are indeed still early. Stay tuned for further announcements!
Ami still early?
Yasss! Surely, we will! LFG
Wooo lfg! Let’s create an organic and fun community!
That's right! I'm very much excited as well to witness what this project has in store! 
Agreed! It gave us the hype to look forward for more
website is cool! I like it
Heyyy pal! Welcome to the community!
That's right! I'm very much excited as well to witness what this project has in store!
excited! im not expecting anything for early birds but love the teaser!
likewise to you bud
hmm I can say, yes you are
im good. sup buddy!
hey bud! What's up?
Am I early
Hello there! We're all good. How about you? how's work?
How is the Fam. Just back from a days work. how is everybdy?
altogether, we will!
We will 
same goes to you pal
We will
We are going to break the record
Couldn't agree more LFG
Absolutely right
I’m good how about you
GM to you pal! How are you? 
Cant wait for more. Team does a great Job!
That's right mate! There's so much to look forward to. 
GM to you pal! How are you?
Gm everyone
That's right mate! There's so much to look forward to.
Perfect 
Perfect
Not yet mate but watch out for some fun activities coming real soon   we'll keep you posted.   
Not yet mate but watch out for some fun activities coming real soon we'll keep you posted. (已编辑)
Any games planned for today?
That's right! Being early gives us an advantage. (已编辑)
I know what you mean. Everything about this screams high-quality. Congrats on being early!
They sure don't wanna miss this if only they'd know.
Hahaha! Well, watch out for more!
jk
for those who arent in the group NGMI
WAGMIII
Same here, bud! Really cannot wait what this project has in store  
Same here, bud! Really cannot wait what this project has in store
I like the cryptic ones
Lol
HAHAHAHA jk
you guys gotta stop with that
These cryptic tweets getting me so hyped
Hahaha! Looks like a zombie alien
Haha yea no idea what it’s from but funny as hell
Hahaha! That's kinda funny and scary at the same time
Cheers,  fren 
Cheers, fren
We are much more glad to have you here as well!   
We are much more glad to have you here as well!
Been in a few disappointing projects recently so glad to be here so early  LMFG! 
     
I like the team and art
Lol same
Been in a few disappointing projects recently so glad to be here so early LMFG!
Also hope ya'll are having a good day my guys
Cant deny this is shouts blue chip all over it.
Yaaaay, that's great! LFG
alrighty, made a few tweets and invited a bunch
New Zealand
Click the down arrow in the top left by the EYECON name. Then 'Invite People'.
London
So how do we generate invite links
yay! keep safe there pal! I'm here in Asia
So wheres everyone from? Im in Vegas
keep posted mates.. there maybe sneak peak coming out tomorrow!
Yeah, looks unreal
The team is unreal, right!!! What a line-up 
The team is unreal, right!!! What a line-up
Ohh yeah
Maybe...........
Hey guyz! Web site is so cool yes but the main thing for me is the creative team. Good to be here in early stage
Yeah, the website is so good! Are you planning to keep the Discord open or will it become invite-only at some point? I'll do what I can to spread the word!
Should have a sneak peak coming out tomorrow
I could do this from both accounts. and in my alpha chat too
Also, keep posted on the upcoming developments and help us shout out the project to your social media. 
Anymore videos lined up?
Also, keep posted on the upcoming developments and help us shout out the project to your social media.
Its soo sikkk
Really excited to see more of the art.
OG's won't be forgotten
we'll be revealing the artwork soon once we get more people in the group
Though at the same time that lessens our chance of Wlist
Yep just tell your friends about it - just want people to spread it word of mouth - tell them to checkout the website
Invites
What's the best way we can help at this early stage?
LFG!!  (已编辑)
Yeah, everything about this is
I'll have my EY3 on it
yeah! so keep posted for updates of this project mate! 
yeah! so keep posted for updates of this project mate!
LFG!! (已编辑)
Yo, everyone. Just checked out the website (so slick!). The art tease is incredible. But I'm most impressed by the mind-blowing team you've assembled   Extremely excited to see, and be part of, what you're building here. LFG!
art looks sick AF right?
sup Yanni
Yo, everyone. Just checked out the website (so slick!). The art tease is incredible. But I'm most impressed by the mind-blowing team you've assembled Extremely excited to see, and be part of, what you're building here. LFG!
We will let you know when it’s time.  So keep posted. For the now, let’s build the community. 
We will let you know when it’s time. So keep posted. For the now, let’s build the community.
Where do we drop wallet to get WL?
They will if they See the Website
Please start inviting friends - just tell them to checkout the website ey3k0n.io  They will naturally come over from there 
Please start inviting friends - just tell them to checkout the website ey3k0n.io They will naturally come over from there
Good to see you guys here!
good morning mate
Morning
Feeling the same
Feeling really BULLISH! Glad to be in the best project in the NFT Space Inka
Nice to hear bro
Im great man thanks
Good! What about you?
Yo how are you guys
Yes absolutely! (已编辑)
The Website is next level 
The Website is next level
yeah! Couldn’t agree more!
Wow the website is fire  cool 
Wow the website is fire cool
Sounds good. Lets go
We will let you know when it’s time. For now, let’s build the community. LFG!! 
We will let you know when it’s time. For now, let’s build the community. LFG!!
How to get WL?
hey pal! It’s nice to have you here!
doing great. how are you?
How yall doing?
awesome! just had mine too.
Doing great too! Just eat breakfast
doing good pal. how about you?
How are you all?
Hello mate. what's up?
Hi mate!
Good morning mate!
GM friends
OH SNAP
oh! yeah Hi mate! Happy to have you here
Gm)
lfg
doing good mate. how about you?
How are you guys
Hey mates, keep posted for the upcoming updates of the project
you are sick ser
lfg blackpanther!!
The art for this project is super sick!
Doing good! I love the art for this project btw. Really excited for what you guys have in store :) . Right now I'm in my illustration class haha
Hi mate! doing great. how about you?
Hey everyone! How's it going?
We are much more than glad to have you here, early comers! (已编辑)
happy to be here!
Yes! LFG I cant wait how this project unfolds Let’s do this (已编辑)
congrats on the launch!  stoken
congrats on the launch! stoken
Hey fam! What’s up? (已编辑)
hiiiiiii fam
Stay tuned mate 
Stay tuned mate
I see
We will be dropping some! Watch out 
We will be dropping some! Watch out
Feel free to check our website
Can we see some sneak-peak too
Ohhh
We will announce it soon  Don’t worry we’ll keep you posted pal.
We will announce it soon Don’t worry we’ll keep you posted pal.
When are we getting more announcements
Good to hear! I’m good also
I’m good how are you
How are you? 
How are you?
Hello guys! 
We’ll keep you posted, mate!
What are we announcing today 
Sleep well 
Sleep well
Hello guys!
What are we announcing today
Night folks
Raise your hand who is excited for this project
How is everyone doing today
Hello everyone
Wonder what the 19 roles are
we will be announcing soon stay tuned
Are the team pics on the site all characters from the project?
im doing good thank you
Great how u doin mate
hows it going man
New here, how r you??
Hello people
glad to have you on board
Yo guys how are yall
excited to be in this community
what's uppp
hey dude
Very good thanks
yess
nice nice LFG
Always
some things are still to be announced stay tuned 
some things are still to be announced stay tuned
Indeed
Website looks amazing
Yea I did
Check on 
🖇│official-links
check it out on our
🖇│official-links
supp welcome!
Check on
🖇│official-links
Yooo
Is website under construction?
Sleep well guys
LFG
Super early
Yes sir I'll wait
to be announced  
youve probably heard it alot but website is incredible
whats up, welcome!
Wassup man
ayo wasssup
Hahaha
the pleasure is all mine 
Anything for early sir ?
the pleasure is all mine
Thanks  n nice to meet you
Thanks n nice to meet you
nice glad to have you here!!  
nice glad to have you here!!
Fine sir
how are you? 
Og for me
Hey guys
supp
how r you doing?
Yea the website is top tier
LFG!!
yes! Lfg (已编辑)
your website is actually
It gave me the chills dude
I couldn’t agree more
Gotta grab WL
LFG!
Welcome to all the new members! Glad you're here to see our journey
Casually building community first guys
to be announced
stay tuned
hahahaha
Before the nukes kick off
wow that fast?
Rough date for mint?
Not much. Just scoping out some new nft discord sent by 
I was literally just thinking about you
Lfg
I am more than glad to see you too!!
I’m so glad to see you 
I’m so glad to see you
Thank you (已编辑)
WELCOME 
Squeezie
Annie!!!! My girl
Hiii Annie!
WELCOME
check it out in our
🖇│official-links channel
Cool
our roadmap is also in our website
You can see all the members of the team on the website and can search their names on google (已编辑)
Do not only go by the artist but look at the roadmap and the objectives. Always play the long game.
glad y'all are here early
check it out on out website!
Wow
Yea
That makes a number of us. Early in
Adam Pollina?
same same
Same dude
Hope I get to be a part of the community and an early OG
I got the alpha from Twitter. Blowing my mind.
thank you
yes he is!
I saw it in the website
Hi Fam. Just joined. Very intrigued.
Dude saw the team, Adam Pollins is the artist
Where are team based?
Great stuff
Looking forward
we will be announcing soon!
Wanna be one
When will the WL be posted?
thanks! glad y'all are part of this!
Pretty dope
Saw it too!
Does that make me an OG lol
how are yall?
Hopped in
Seen the website
everything great man wbu
What’s up
Yo
stay safe!
okay okay catch ya later!
I’ll see you tomorrow.
Thank you
glad y'all joined here early!   big things are coming your way 
glad y'all joined here early! big things are coming your way
The website is great
Yes we did
We will see how we will grow
Great
ı saw the pp and ı told myself that ı have to take a look and now ım here
It was good and I came straight forward to join the discord
I was on twitter and one of my friend tell me about it
Yes sir
glad y'all are part of this  
glad y'all are part of this
Hare are you
yeah me too!!
I’m excited to know more about it in upcoming announcements
It’s 12 pm in Canada
hope youre having a wonderful afternoon
its 11 pm in turkey
indeed we are!
Yep
we will be dropping soon!   stay tuned 
I hope you’re having a great morning!
we will be dropping soon! stay tuned
Yes we are
Good morning
Good morning from here! 
ı guess we are early here?
Good morning from here!
I did get some information so far it’s look so interesting
Good afternoon from here!
how are you?
Hi!
you can go checkout our
🖇│official-links channel for our other platforms (已编辑)
Actually I just got to know about this project and I’m interested to know more about it..
doing great! how are you?
How you guys are doing today
Hi
Any bugs or errors please also let us know
Anyone who struggles on the website please let us know ASAP. Make sure you have a good connection for the full experience & ensure you've got the latest browser updates installed
so are we!! stay tuned  
we will be dropping some soon watch out!
so are we!! stay tuned
I AM SO EXCITED!!!
indeed indeed, It's fine though, the community is getting bigger already  
indeed indeed, It's fine though, the community is getting bigger already
we work too much I meant
Yes!
you can check out our website in our
🖇│official-links channel, there's a sneak peek on what our project looks like (已编辑)
When will you show your work?
we are excited as well!  
we are excited as well!
I learned about your project today)) I'm very interested in what it will be) I'm great)
feeling fantastic! how about you? 
I will be there
yes yes stay tuned for updates! 
feeling fantastic! how about you?
yes yes stay tuned for updates!
Thanks, how are you?)
Cant wait for more
it will only get more lit from there  
it will only get more lit from there
This Homepage is so crazy 
This Homepage is so crazy
GM new here
nighty night!
Catch you soon bro!
Don't let the bed bugs bite
Anyways good men, off to bed. Night night
Great announcements on twitter guys
check more infos in our
🖇│official-links channel
Cool, will do
Check the website
welcome everyone
10,000 first drop
Welcome all
How many mints are you guys planning for this?
Assuming everyones been checking out the site - if you see any bugs please let us know
Ya missed so much bro, fiancess parents here. But Friday
haha yeh man i think theres a few more things going on this week 
sup everyone check out our other platforms in our
🖇│official-links channel
Thank you!!
haha yeh man i think theres a few more things going on this week
Great work
Website looks lit
Well maybe one more
Haha you got it. Dubai getting quite warm again man. No more boat parties for a whie
Can't wait man
things are popping up in here
Yoo
But first, we have so much more to show!
Well can I add you? So when time comes we can discuss
Awesome - we'll be dropping WL details soon 
Awesome - we'll be dropping WL details soon
ETH
This based on Eth or Sol?
Art is fire. Team is fire. Team behind the team is fire.
Hit the g-spot
glad y'all are part here
Felt like, finally
welcome!
No idea how I came across this but excited to be so early
All good, super excited!
Technically no, technically around 2 days ago
What's cookinnnn
Yoooo
Sonnny in the house yo
Hello World 
Hello World
Has discord just opened today?
Looks like an amazing project
Cavv wsup welcome welcome
Happy to be here
Hello there!
Hope we going to be friends for a long time
Wazzzzaaaaaa
Waaasssaaaap
Wsup squeeeziiieee
LETS GOOOO
If you want Blue chip collectors on this can get you up to a 100 right now. But they only accept WL
Just invited someone here via Twitter retweet. They should join any second
Nicee!!


